message{ id:AANLkTin54-7eqVumzpnbyuLGt9JcjdCqFGrxnaFBG7QQ@mail.gmail.com depth:0 match:1 excluded:0 filename:/home/tlevine/safe/maildir/cold/thomas.levine@gmail.com/Risley Hall/cur/1342935162_0.29203.desk,U=5977,FMD5=0053d1416f3d0bfa6a572fa31ce7c0ec:2,S
header{
Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu> (2010-09-13) (inbox)
Subject: KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR SEPTEMBER THE 12, 2010: FIRE MARSHALL LOVE/WOLVES ON A PLANE KOMMITTEE
From: Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu>
To: risleyhall-l <risleyhall-l@cornell.edu>
Date: Mon, 13 Sep 2010 01:17:36 -0400
header}
body{
part{ ID: 1, Content-type: multipart/alternative
part{ ID: 2, Content-type: text/plain
I apologize, but due to the sheer length of the minutes combined with my
drugged (antihistamine) state, there may be an unusual number of errors in
tonight's minutes. Please, if anything (no matter how small) is incorrect,
email the listserve directly (ideally, "reply all"). Thanks, lots of love,
your Minister of Letters.


KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR SEPTEMBER THE 12, 2010
THEME: FIRE MARSHALL LOVE/WOLVES ON A PLANE KOMMITTEE



Clarification: Is it endured members or members-at-large that can vote in
the upcoming election? It is endured members, i.e., all members! P.S. As it
is the third meeting of Kommittee, welcome new (officially) endured members!



Also: Long Kommittee is long. To expidite long Kommittee, let us know if you
want to be removed from a list of speakers when we are doing comments or
questions. Use the cancellation gesture of your choice.

(FAMOUS LAST WORDS..)

INSIDE GROUPS SEEKING MUSIC ROOM:



None.

OUTSIDE GROUPS:



Sabor Latino, 9-11 Sunday Nights

Sally: Do they already have time?

Ben: No.

Acclaimed.


 GV REPORT – We have $2525.06! We got the $7/ head!

Can we buy $.06 worth of penny candy?
-       Risquirer – Emily Walker



Ben: Has anyone seen the Bananagrams?

Kerry: I bought a set myself! Let me know if you want to play with me J


RHD LAUREN REPORT



Hot off the press!



Approached by Bob Lieberman, who wants to bring back Liebermania. However,
there will be some caveats this year. Liebermania is a weekly or bi-monthly
series for dinner in Tammany. Bob Lieberman brings in speakers on various
topics, and we eat dinner from dining. (people not on meal plan can get
bonused in by Bob!) This was phased out before because the staff had too
much to handle, but shouldn’t be too much for one or a few interested
students to run. Speak to RHD Lauren (LDE27) if you are interested in being
the student coordinator of this, or with RA Julia (JER76) to hear about her
experience running the program before.



RE  card access for non-Risleyites using our space: We have maxxed out on
the number of people we can allow temporary access. This is being looked
into. Currently, we cannot give access to non-Risleyites to the Dance Studio
because there is no separation door between the dance studio and the living
area of the building.

Gabriel: Can’t we get card access for only limited hours?

RHD Lauren: They’re supposed to have a host.

Gabriel: That’s a lot of responsibility for one random Risleyite who’s not
actually in the group in question.

Dan: Maybe a representative from the club could be let in by the RA on call,
or a resident, and then that representative would let in the rest of their
group members?

RA Lauren: There’s a difference between giving a single person card access,
and turning off card access to the doors for everyone. What we’ve done in
the past is turn off the card access to the theater door, and then have
people rely on residents if they need to get from the theater foyer into the
dance studio.

Sarah: To reduce the amount of people with access to living quarters and to
make it simpler, would we be able to find a suitable facility in the outside
non-living quarters layer, to which to relocate outside groups?

Gabriel: The great hall is a similar sized space.

Sally: A bunch of these are actually dance groups, which will need the
mirror, ability to tap dance, etc. Also, with the great hall, it’s harder to
let people to use them. Could we get them Shabbat keys? Physical keys? Might
be a solution?

RHD Lauren: We just really don’t want people who don’t live in the building
to have access to the living quarters.



RHD Lauren: TV meeting (meeting about getting a new TV) Sept. 21 at 3:00 in
the TVR, come one come all, voice opinions to facilities



Certain individuals have been hanging things on pipes, NO NO BAD BAD FIRE
HAZARD



Please use website that Carolina sent out to log things on Wegmans.com if
you want to do RisBrunch or Eat This, etc. Other food purchases. (address?)



Life Drawing has been put on hold due to legal issues…business
services…health and safety management…legally, the person who is modeling
has to be legal to pose nude in all fifty states. Also, they need to be on
CU payroll to be paid. I just got a call saying Life Drawing cannot
happen…this week, we will have clothed models or still life. I’m working on
it, emailing everybody and your mom, etc.

Kerry: Assuming people volunteer to pose for free, and are 18, can they
model?

RHD Lauren: Not nude, not this week.



THE KOMMITTEE STICK OF POWER HAS FALLEN, AIIE





RA LAUREN REPORT.



Tammany happened! Open Mic Night ruuuled, hellz yeah.



There are still open weekends in the Tammany schedule, contact LRW45 if
you’d like to bring a group into Tammany.



This is Lauren, this is no one else.


There has been some concern that the listserve has been overutilized,
especially regarding carshare, trips, etc. I think we could find a better
way to do things, like busses, taxis…we could create a rideshare bulletin
board.


RA JULIA REPORT.



Faculty Fellow dinners have started with Antonia (5:30 Mondays) and Tom Hill
(5:00 Friday). You go, you eat, you sit, you hang out, you learn things. If
you’re not on meal plan they can bonus you in (eat for free!). Ask the
dining staff for the sign-in list.



Also working on a bus trip to the Bodies exhibit in NYC this November. It
will be a one-day trip. Will probably be a limited number of seats.



Julia got a hair cut! Boy howdy, but she does look purdy.



Ahh, a spider!

RA NATE REPORT.



I haven’t heard back from Cornell EMS yet. Will harass them with vigor this
week.


Thanks to everyone who has signed up to Eat This and RisBrunch.



We are helping out with Edgemoor’s Haunted House this year. Very shortly, I
will be seeking out volunteers: actors, techies, etc. A 5-room haunted house
with the theme of Tiki Terror this year.

RA SALLY REPORT.



The shops have been doing lots of open shops, programming, etc. Go check
them out!



Working on Life Drawing snafu as well.

RA KERRY REPORT.


Meditation will start next Sunday at noon in my room.


Come to Naked Improv open rehearsal, Sundays from 6-8 in the CLR.


Organizing the logistics for a new program, Sex on the Table, has begun.
This will be a "Liebermania-esque" program, in that we will eat dinner in
Tammany while listening to a speaker. These speakers will be experts in
various sex, sexuality, gender, LGBTQ, etc. etc. areas. Stay tuned. Email me
if you would like to get involved, KLP46.


AIR REPORTS.
CAROLINA:



Far far away.


ABE:



Hi I’m Abe! I feel like I’ve been introducing myself a lot…here I am again.
I got a lot to say, get comfortable.



Let’s alternate between small and big (that’s what she said)



I’ve come all the way from San Francisco. Looking forward to working with
all of you guys! I’d like to sort of feel you out, see what your reactions
are to some of my programming ideas. I came here with two major projects in
mind for my tenure as Artist in Residence. On top of being a writer, I also
have a performance group called Odyssey works. Essentially a
cross-discipline experimental…thingything. Mostly San Fran based. We produce
very unusual performances, where instead of artists developing something out
of their own inspiration, we create using our audience as the inspiration,
which means that the whole group of artists together will study the audience
member, understand what affects that person, and create a show for them. A
little bit like a love poem. I work with a huge range of different types of
artists: writers, dancers, musicians, psychotherapists, composers, etc. etc.
The result tends to be a 24 hour performance for an audience of one. I want
to collaborate with artists in Ithaca and NYC to perform Odyssey works.
Maybe some of you are interested? There will be need for artists of all
types, especially actors, musicians, dancers – you name it. I will be giving
a presentation about my work, film and discussion, get more in depth about
it.  This could be something that happens at ZombieLiebermania. My major
work is going to be this piece, which will happen in April of 2011. It will
involve an intensive over Spring Break. Let me know if you are interested in
getting involved.



CCA Grants are due in a week, in the process of putting together my
application, budget, etc.



Display cases: I have an idea for dems! I’ve long dreamt of this…(who
hasn’t?) Actually I already have several in my house in San Fran…A
Fantastical Anthropology of Everyday Objects! Perhaps you could donate a
comb, a sock, a key – write a page and a half of the history, real or
imagined, of that object. (We’re interested!)



Email me at burickson@yahoo.com if you are interested in any of my work, or
about anything that’s on your mind.



The other main work I want to accomplish this semester will be called
Odyssey in a Box. Has anyone ever heard of the work of Janet Kardof (sp?)
There are a few people out there today that are already doing work that
borders on what this is. This essentially would be like an audio tour, like
what you find in museums. But – this takes it a step towards theater. The
walking audio tour is combined with the radio play, adding an element of the
poetic. I’ll be developing a two-person audio tour called Odyssey in a Box.
I need to get grant money first…Essentially, two people will walk into a
hotel room in NYC, they will see a sign that says “at 10:00 am, press play
on this MP3 player”…a voice will say “look at your partner. We’ll call your
partner Pat. Look long and hard at Pat. Can you memorize Pat’s face? Because
you may never see him again…” and more. Then you will be led to some
maps…etc…directions…this is the beginning of a 6-hour experience – at
certain times you might see Pat again – exploring the city throughout the
day. Exploring distance vs. contact. I will need voice actors, and people
who are good at recording. Email or otherwise contact me if you are
interested in participating in some way.



I want everything I do – my entire life – and yours too…to sound like a
movie.



Does anybody like experimental minimalized atonal sound, art, and music? Is
there a facility here for us to spend some time listening to sounds?
(Tammany!) We could listen to the sound of feet on gravel in Tazmania…or
Beethoven’s 9th slowed down. Listening parties.



The reading series. I’ve been talking with Will Cordiero a lot…he misses us
and we miss him…so he might come back and do a reading! I’ve also been
talking to a lot of MFA students. Many are amazing writers.  We could
combine a Risley poet as an opener to an invited poet, or another kind of
writer. I want to bring in MFA students, professors, writers from NYC
(famous ones?).

Julia: There is a massive RisPoetry group that is forming, I will put you in
touch with one another.

Contact me if you’d like to do some reading.



I’m really excited to be here because I have access now to some great
resources in terms of sacred art. In and near Ithaca, there are at least two
and maybe three things I would like to tap into if I can. I’ve spoken to one
of these groups, but not yet the other two..There is a woman here who is a
Whirling Dervish, who teaches Whirling. She has been given permission by the
Order to teach. If people would be interested in having a Whirling workshop,
let me know. Whirling Dervishes are an order of Sufis, Sufism is the
mystical branch of Islam, there are many practices involved, the most
important of which is Zichar (sp?), the chanting of the nine names of G*d,
the Samah (sp?) is “audition” or “hearing” – all about art. Listening to
poetry, or music, or dance. The Whirling is dance. The aesthetic experience
approaches the divine. It is powerful and fascinating. I practiced this
myself, though I no longer do. Hopefully we could use the dance studio, and
hopefully make it open to non-Risleyites. Hopefully someone out there will
work with me on this? Please contact me or push people my way if you think
they’d like it.



The Sacred Dance of Gurja. (missed name) is a spiritual teacher from the
first half of the twentieth century. He learned a lot of sacred dances, many
of them Sufi, and developed his own sacred dancing. Similar to Whirling in
some way, but unique. Also a kind of meditative dance. An encoding of
emotional and spiritual data. In Rochester (or near it) there is a group
that has some fantastic teachers of this kind of dance. There is a teacher
in Ithaca as well. I currently practice this kind of dance. I would love it
if one of these teachers could come and give a workshop here.



There is a wonderful Buddhist monastery in town – Namgyal monastery (
http://www.namgyal.org/). The Dalai Lama comes sometimes. It is an important
place. There are a number of practices that involve sacred art practiced by
these Tibetan Buddhists, notably sand mandalas. I would love it if we could
get some monks to come and build a mandala here, or simply to come and talk.



Who is the theater? Sarah, Ben, Lauren. I have a play! I’m not going to
direct it. The whole point of this play is for someone else to put it
on…it’s really challenging.

RA Lauren: Think about putting it up for play proposal next semester.

Abe: would require lots of rooms, logistics, creativity. Was originally
designed for a theater in SanFran plus a three story building and a bus. But
it could happen here! Why not! Life is beautiful. I’m very open to things
being reworked, as a writer. Might just hand you a script and walk away…



TL;DR email Abe at burickson@yahoo.com if you are interested in any of the
projects mentioned above.


ANNOUNCEMENTS.



Kommittee elections are coming up woo! Referendum is happening Weds Thurs
Friday. Tonight is the last night to say you want to run for a position.
There will be 8 members at large, ministr of letters (woo) and the
propagandist.

Members at Large Nominees:

1. Benji Lehman

2. Kim Adams

3. Clover Bobker

4. Adam Romero

5. Spencer Whale (? that can't be right...OR IS IT)

6. Danny Bernstein

7. Miles Ludek

8.

9.

10. {Whoops. Would one of you lovely Monster ladies kindly forward the
missing bits of this list to everyone?}

11.

12.

13.

14.

15. Sarah Longchamp



Minister of Letters nominees:

1. Roskolnikov

2. Miles Ludek and Kerry Pinnisi (two headed monster)



Propagandist:

1. Dinophone

2. Nolan Poulin and Clover Bobker (two headed monster)



RA Lauren: there are extra-curKommitteeular responsibilities as
Propagandist, so I think it is beneficial to have two people.



Keep your eyes out for the table outside of dining, Weds Thurs Friday this
week.



Note: you can run for more than one position, but you cannot accept more
than one.



Next Kommittee we will be reading the winners of the election. Your
positions will be effective immediately after that announcement. El
Presidente for Life nominations will be accepted at that point as well.



Please send blurbs about who you are and why you want to run to the
listserve if you are running, especially if it is for a contested position.


*I, KERRY, WANT TO RUN AS HALF OF THE MINISTER OF LETTERS BECAUSE I THINK IT
IS FUN TO DO. PLEASE SEE ABOVE AND BELOW FOR AN EXAMPLE OF MY WORK.*



Julia: let’s email all those blurbs to Nolan, the Propagandist, at NIP4, so
he can condense and properly publish them by midnight on Monday (THAT’S
TOMORROW! When Monday turns into Tuesday, that is.)



The RisArchivist is a position that is by appointment, not by election. We
really need someone who knows where things are! Jeff was the last archivist
(even though we never actually appointed him), but he graduated.

Jeff: The role of the archivist is actually rather ambiguous.  We will be
pursuing getting the archives into the RisLibrary. They are responsible for
managing and organizing the Archives – a room in the Mezzanine (above
dining) where documents from the last 40 years or so of Risley history are
stored. See Charter for official definition (
http://risley.org/pages/kommittee/archives/Charter041810.pdf). You must have
a recommendation from Jeff (JTD34), talk to him. This could be potentially a
two- or three-headed monster, lots of work involved.



Camilla: Hi! I’m an RA from McLLU (the Multicultural Living and Learning
Unit, another program house on campus). We want to get involved with Risley
and do programs together. We want to do a bus trip to NYC to see the
Broadway show Fela. Critically acclaimed. Want to see a matinee Nov. 13.
This would involve Ujamaa as well as Risley and McLLU. We want to make this
as affordable as possible. We also want to give you some time to enjoy the
city after the show. Currently we’re looking at $20-$30 for the trip and
ticket (which is mad cheap, get up on this)! Look for further info on the
listserve. Email me at KAA55 with questions, comments or interest.

RHD Lauren: If you want to be McLLU’s connection point for this project,
please contact me or Camilla.



Ben: We are seeking a Risley Webmaster to put new, fresh, cool content on
the Risley webpage! Email me at BMW39 if you are interested.



Abe: I keep mentioning grants..they’re also for students, student
organizations, projects, etc. The deadline is soon, and there’s a lot you
have to do – come talk to me right away if you want info about how to get
money to do what you want to do!

 OTHER BUSINESS.



Approval of last week’s minutes.

Acclaimed. Yay thanks.



Masquerave: Whitney is our program coordinator, Nate is our coordinating RA,
but we need also a finalized subcommittee and a theme BY THE END OF THIS
WEEK. There will be an email going out by the end of tomorrow looking for
people to coordinate the three front rooms and Tammany. Think about if you
want to design a themed room.

RA Lauren: anyone who is currently a junior or younger, please consider
working with Whitney, so there will be someone next year who knows how to do
it…


ALLOCATIONS:



Molly: $90 for 200 ft of jewelry wire for jewelry shop. Want extra so people
can mess around and get really creative!

Acclaimed.



RHD Lauren: Kommittee should have snacks! $30 for snacks next week.

Audrey: That’s a lot of money…

Chorus: It will go back into the budget if she goes under.

Audrey: What kind of snacks were you going to bring?

RHD Lauren: Was looking for suggestions. This allocation could also last a
few Kommittees.

RA Lauren calls to question.

Calling to question LOUDLY ACCLAIMED.

Hand vote:

26 in favor, 2 nay, 1 Abstain.

Acclaimed. LINING YOUR OWN POCKETS EH KOMMITTEE?



Miles: We want to make a book scanner! Mostly we need digital cameras and
some hardware to hold a book. This can also be used as a single page
scanner. We would like $300.

Brandon: Is there an intellectual property concern if we are Risley funding
scanning copies of books?

Ben: We’re scanning artwork! Also, just possessing a scanner is not illegal.
Also, we mostly want to scan Archives.
Jeff: Is this going to automatically turn the pages for you?
Ben: Sorry, no robot to do your bidding, lazypants.

Nate: You mentioned camera/cameras…what kind?

Ben: Two cameras, Powershot AE480, $75 each, 10 megapixels each.

Clover: Motion to call to question.

Nate: This is going to be a long Kommittee, but we could use discussion on
this important issue. FAMOUS LAST WORDS.

RHD Lauren: Let’s give Abe a chance to speak too, as he is a writer.

Motion to call to question denied. The Nays were loud enough, sorry Charter.

Abe: About copyright. Since this is a university, an educational
institution, for our use here we can scan and copy any book we want and it
will fall under the FAIR USE CLAUSE (I fought the law and the…law won!) As
long as we’re using it for educational purposes.

Adam: Would it be cheaper and easier to buy a scanner?

Ben: A flatbed scanner wouldn’t do it for us, and an actual scanner is way
too expensive.

Ben: The budget currently has $2405.06 unallocated.

Molly: Are there any cameras that Risley already owns that we could use?

Ben: It’s better to have matched pairs.

Audrey: Why do we need two?
Ben: It’s angled in such a way to do two pages at once.

Nate: Two cheap cameras ($90)…we could lend them to people in the building.
Dual use allocation. Can we call to question?

Sally: comment on calling to question: Where’s the other $150 going?

Ben: Cables, SD card, two by fours, washers, nuts, MDF, clamp lamps,
lighting, acrylic. We’ve consulted with the woodshop re: building the frame
and we decided it was best to have our own $ for it.

Motion called to question.

Motion passes. Book scanner exists! (as a twinkle in Miles's and Ben's
eye..)



Brendan, CLR, poetry group: Colin’s poetry group is great! 5:00-6:00
Saturdays, CLR

Julia: Then we go to dinner afterwards!

Acclaimed.



Bennett: Following up on things we allocated for last year, that we voted in
favor of, but didn’t follow through on – still want to get…



$300 for a dance studio mat. We currently have one but the existing mat is
too small. Also Kerry is allergic to it.

Gabriel: This money has not been subtracted from the budget even though we
already allocated it?

Ben: It is not in any way reflected in our budget.

RHD Lauren: This was allocated in 2009-2010 budget. This money did roll back
in. This is basically a new allocation.

Alan: Is it necessary to cover the entire floor with a single mat?

Ben: not the entire floor, but we have only one mat…if you wanted to do e.g.
throws, then you can really only have 1 practicing pair. This is
insufficient.

Acclaimed.



Tom, $100, rags for the print shop.

Nolan: Are there specific rags or can we just find some old shirts?

Ben: He is going to buy them locally in bulk, they will last forever.

Jim: Are we still talking about this? Oh, I was recently in the print shop,
and they really do use A LOT of rags, like really, and you need a special
kind not to hurt your press or the print.

Sarah: Were these rags part of last week’s print shop allocation?

Ben: No.

Acclaimed.



$30 for Bananagrams. Everyone loves this game, we wanted two sets.

Adam: What is Banagrams?
Ben: A fun scrabble-like game that comes in a banana!

Monster calls to question due to distress.

Acclaimed.



Abe: Applying to Cornell Council to the Arts. The production cost for
Odyssey Works NYC production in April is $4,736. I would like $3,000 from
Cornell grant, and I’m going to try to raise about $1,100 from donors. I’m
going to ask for $600 from Risley Kommittee.

Bennett: So you said this is happening in April. So this is a lot of money
now. We haven’t gotten money from Rocky Horror yet. Can this wait?

Abe: No, because the application to CCA is due on the 20th of this month. I
don’t NEED the money now, but I need to know that I CAN have it.

Jeff: 1. How much is the other allocation? I’m worried about running low on
$$...on the other hand, I know they (grant givers) like to see that people
have bought into this.

Ben: we’re currently at $1675.06.

Jeff: So that’s 2/3 of our budget. ($600 plus forthcoming $400 allocation
from Abe).

Julia: Have we allocated for MRave and Rocky yet?

RA Lauren: Yes, but we have not yet allocated for cultural dinners or
RisThanksgiving.

Jeff: Is that $500 that will be left going to last us? Are there other
planned allocations?

RA Lauren: Yes, me. I’ll be asking for $168 dollars.

Benji: Given that Abe said he doesn’t actually need to USE the money before
April, i.e. after Rocky and MRave, I feel as though this isn’t as risky as
it seems and it is furthering our RisMission. I support this.

Abe: Yes, most of the money for this will need to be used after January.

Nolan: Will we be able to nominally be in the red (i.e. spend the money we
allocate for Abe here, before we get our MRave money)?
Ben: BTW we’ve never spent more than $200 on a non-traditional program.

Audrey: The most our budget ever was was $6,000…this is a lot of money.

Sarah L.: Even though I can see how it would be technically possible to use
the money that’s been allocated, unless we have the ability to back out of
that allocation, that is a really good way to run ourselves into debt. This
is how Wall Street crashed and burned.

RA Lauren: Have you asked for money from TSub? They have a separate budget.
Also MRave, even though it earned $600, spent $800, was a net $200 loss.

Gabriel: Is there something in Charter that would allow us to “make a
pledge”?

Ben: No.

Gabriel: Also, these grant people want to see that we’re putting in
money…Risley’s kind of in a similar position, worrying about whether the
grant will come through.

Abe: Every grant wants to know you’ve gotten a grant from somewhere else…

Courtney: Would it make sense to allocate a portion of what you’re asking
for, so you can say you’re being supported and we’ll give you the other half
later if we can?
Abe: It’s possible.

Nolan: The $6000 we had last year was due in large part to the proceeds from
Dr. Horrible’s Sing Along Blog.

Benji: Actually no. That went into TSub’s budget.

Nolan: Also we were told that we were going to lose our money if we didn’t
spent it – hence came the foam swords.

Jeff: We have $45/student x 600 members (I think)

Ben: Last semester we started with $11,000, we cut off $2,500 to feed the
AIRs. The Spring is very different from the fall because there are no more
big expensive programs.

Jeff: Can we even allocate money to spend next semester?

Ben: Not sure.

Sarah: When are these grants due? Could this wait until after TSub meets
next week?

Abe: Grants are due next Monday. So no.

Abe: How much is in TSub’s budget?

Benji: About $2000.

Sarah: We have upcoming in-house products, and we also don’t know how much
we’re going to spend on rewiring (a huge project).

Kerry: This could quell spontaneous programming.

RA Lauren/RHD Lauren Dual-Brained Entity: Can we just bend the rules and
pretend we’re allocating out of next semester’s budget?

New motion: $600 from next semester’s budget.

Audrey: I want to point out that he hasn’t quite finished describing what
the motion is for.
Abe: I’ve only spoken about the first motion, which is this $600 for the 24
hour piece (with Odyssey Works - the show for the audience of one) that will
happen in NYC (and Ithaca). The funding is for transportation and bringing
artists (including maybe you) in to work with us. Rental space, materials,
costuming, food. Funds also for documentation, DVDs etc. The full budget
(the whole grant) includes money for me to give a presentation on the work
we did.

Ben: What else could we be doing with this money? Lots of things we could
get for the building that would last for a long time that we would not be
able to do, spontaneous programming, etc.

Abe: This performance will only happen once in the universe, and this is the
only chance that I’ll have to do this in NYC, and probably the only chance
you’ll have to do this.

Sarah L.: I would say that again, I’m not really comfortable with promising
money for next semester unless we’re either 100% sure we’re going to have
the money, or we have some sort of exit clause on it.

Molly: The point of doing it next semester is that we’ll start with a fresh
budget then.

Jeff: I am really nervous about allocating money for next semester. Seems
like it’s setting a dangerous precedent, which I know we don’t have now –
and it’s definitely bending the rules. I would rather spend money now.

RA Lauren: We won’t actually be spending this money now anyway.
Additionally, it might be beneficial to table this motion.

Abe: That means it would be discussed next week…that will be difficult
because the deadline is the next day.

RA Lauren: OK, no tabling.

Adam: If we allocated this money now, and then didn’t spend it for a long
time, would our budget be operating as if it had $600 or $1600?

Brendan: Things of this sort are sort of why Risley exists, no? To foster
this sort of art? (Hear Hear)

Kaiya: Motion to call to question.

Jeff: What is the actual motion right now?

Molly: $600 out of next semester’s budget.

11 yes,  8 opposed, 10 abstain.

We need to vote to divide the house. If the motion to divide the house does
not pass by a simple majority, the motion fails.

20 in favor to divide the house, 4 opposed, 2 abstain.

The house is divided. [Abe leaves the room]

13 in favor, 16 against. Motion fails.

Adam: Now he can revise it to ask for a different amount of money.

Abe: I revise my motion to $300 for this semester.

Jeff: I’m glad it’s coming out of this semester. This could affect voting.

Spencer: Risley involvement with this project seems scant. It might be hard
for students to be available at all because it’s happening over Spring
Break, and there’s no audience.

Abe: The piece will involve a large number of artists, and there will be a
transportation system to get to NYC, and a portion will happen in Ithaca,
quite possibly in Ithaca. My intention is to get as many artists involved as
possible (Kerry: the audience is the artist, in some sense, perhaps?) There
might also be something happening in the theater.

Jeff: Any AIR that wants to support the arts and RisCommunity deserves our
support. (HEAR HEAR!)
Ben: Motion to call to question.

28 in favor, 2 opposed

Motion is called to question. $300 this semester.

26 in favor, 2 opposed, 3 abstain.

$300 passes. Clap clap clap.



EVERYONE GETS A RISPURITY POINT FOR ATTENDING A 2 HOUR KOMMITTEE!! RHD
Lauren’s first one!


Gabriel: If TSub allocates lots for him, can we get money back?

Sally: Money not spent goes back to the budget.



Abe: I promise never to do this to you all again. No more purity points on
my account.

(General Laughter).



Abe: The budget for this second piece, which is the “audio tour” (see
above), called Odyssey in a Box. Want to create 5 different tours on one day
in the city, leaving at staggered times. I want an allocation from this
semester, to be spent this semester. This involves recording and playback
elements. Want to have voice actors, people who work with sound – want to do
it in the recording studio. Then there is the actual object – a box. A
beautiful box that gives an air of mystery, Alice in Wonderlandesque. This
allocation would primarily be for the creation of these boxes. The full
budget is about $1500. The request is $400. About a quarter of the piece
will involve Risley folk. The items in the box will be an MP3 player, toy
binoculars, 1 day metro card, tote bag, some other various objects.
$111.25/box (about). 10 boxes = 5 tours. There’s also a rental of a hotel
room, and trips to New York (hopefully including Risleyites to take the
tour).

Adam: Risleyites would be doing the voice recording, making the boxes
themselves, who actually takes the tours?

Abe: They’re open to the public. Risleyites could go. Obviously there is a
limited number that can go each day.

Adam: Is there any way that we could make this a “rental experience” and
make some money back off of this? Advertise it as a couple's experience?

Abe: I don’t want to allocate based on profits I don’t yet know about. But –
the rental of the room – the boxes could be at the Cornell Club, and patrons
there could rent the boxes/experience for $50/day, a portion of which could
very reasonably come back to Risley.

Bennett: This is an awesome project idea, I love that Risleyites will be
involved, but what I see us getting from the money is $400 for making sure
the project happens and so we can be involved. That feels expensive for our
buck.

Audrey: Is there any way that you could move the project an audio tour of
Ithaca?

Gabriel: We are technically a city.

Abe: I’ve already begun work on this, so no. I could add students
(Risleyites) working on an audio tour of Risley, though. If we did this as a
downloadable MP3 it would cost nothing. Wanted to see how many people were
getting involved in the first proposed piece, then allocate for that next
semester.

Gabriel: I agree with Audrey. Risley is supposed to be supporting the arts,
but doing these off-location projects adds so much expense. I also think we
have or can make some of the things you want on your list. Doing things that
way, rather than just spending money, has our own residents crafting, which
is part of the goal we support. How much of that have you thought about? I
don’t think we have time to talk about that tonight. Also: there are 10
people that can do this per day, right? The overhead for that “audience” is
a large ratio.

Abe: It can go on for years – hundreds and hundreds of people can take the
tour.

Gabriel: There should also be a discussion about where these are kept, and
who owns them, and who gets the “renting” profits? I’d like to think Risley
would own them.

Molly: Can we move the discussion away from “can you rewrite your grant”?
They’re all great ideas but that’s not a reasonable request.

Sally: Motion to call to question.

22 in favor, 5 against, 5 abstain.

Motion is called to question.

Voting on $400 for Odyssey in a Box.

12 in favor, 7 against, 10 abstain.

Motion to divide the house.

27 in favor, 1 against, 1 abstain.

THIS IS WHY WE NEED SNACKS.

The house is divided. Voting on $400 for Abe.

19 in favor, 11 against, 1 (RA exercising the Switzerland clause)
abstention.

Motion fails.

Abe: If I lowered it to $300 would that change anyone’s mind?

Abe: Motion to vote on $300.

20 in favor, 9 against, 2 abstain.

Motion passes. CLAPCLAPCLAP.



RA Lauren: $300 for Risley Thanksgiving. This is something we usually do.
This is a program held on Thanksgiving Day. Students cook and eat together.
For everyone in the Risley community who stays for Thanksgiving. You can
bring a guest if you pay in advance (LLC People, Isaac’s Dad, etc.). We
usually feed 40+ people.

Acclaimed.



Ben: Sundays 3-4 Dance Studio for Kali (martial arts)

Acclaimedreallyfast




OTHER OTHER BUSINESS.



None.

THEME FOR NEXT KOMMITTEE. Raise your hand if you need a snack Kommittee.

SECRET AGENDA. It’s not so much a purity point as it is a couple’s
experience.

(Well played, Kate.)(I think it was Kate.)
part}
part{ ID: 3, Content-type: text/html
Non-text part: text/html
part}
part}
body}
message}
message{ id:AANLkTinLL8PkH7KD8RHSkzc+41+Q3HZ_3Lu9JrG1Drn=@mail.gmail.com depth:1 match:1 excluded:0 filename:/home/tlevine/safe/maildir/cold/thomas.levine@gmail.com/Risley Hall/cur/1342935179_0.29203.desk,U=5980,FMD5=0053d1416f3d0bfa6a572fa31ce7c0ec:2,S
header{
Audrey Sutton <ars286@cornell.edu> (2010-09-13) (inbox)
Subject: Re: KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR SEPTEMBER THE 12, 2010: FIRE MARSHALL LOVE/WOLVES ON A PLANE KOMMITTEE
From: Audrey Sutton <ars286@cornell.edu>
To: Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu>
Cc: risleyhall-l <risleyhall-l@cornell.edu>
Date: Mon, 13 Sep 2010 04:12:33 -0400
header}
body{
part{ ID: 1, Content-type: multipart/alternative
part{ ID: 2, Content-type: text/plain
I am one of the people running as a member at large.
I would also like to point out that it was brought up in meeting that
because they are running unopposed for other positions and you can only have
one position, both Clover and Miles are not in the running for members at
large.
~Audrey Sutton 248

On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 1:17 AM, Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu> wrote:

> I apologize, but due to the sheer length of the minutes combined with my
> drugged (antihistamine) state, there may be an unusual number of errors in
> tonight's minutes. Please, if anything (no matter how small) is incorrect,
> email the listserve directly (ideally, "reply all"). Thanks, lots of love,
> your Minister of Letters.
>
>
> KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR SEPTEMBER THE 12, 2010
> THEME: FIRE MARSHALL LOVE/WOLVES ON A PLANE KOMMITTEE
>
>
>
> Clarification: Is it endured members or members-at-large that can vote in
> the upcoming election? It is endured members, i.e., all members! P.S. As it
> is the third meeting of Kommittee, welcome new (officially) endured members!
>
>
>
> Also: Long Kommittee is long. To expidite long Kommittee, let us know if
> you want to be removed from a list of speakers when we are doing comments or
> questions. Use the cancellation gesture of your choice.
>
> (FAMOUS LAST WORDS..)
>
> INSIDE GROUPS SEEKING MUSIC ROOM:
>
>
>
> None.
>
> OUTSIDE GROUPS:
>
>
>
> Sabor Latino, 9-11 Sunday Nights
>
> Sally: Do they already have time?
>
> Ben: No.
>
> Acclaimed.
>
>
>  GV REPORT – We have $2525.06! We got the $7/ head!
>
> Can we buy $.06 worth of penny candy?
> -       Risquirer – Emily Walker
>
>
>
> Ben: Has anyone seen the Bananagrams?
>
> Kerry: I bought a set myself! Let me know if you want to play with me J
>
>
> RHD LAUREN REPORT
>
>
>
> Hot off the press!
>
>
>
> Approached by Bob Lieberman, who wants to bring back Liebermania. However,
> there will be some caveats this year. Liebermania is a weekly or bi-monthly
> series for dinner in Tammany. Bob Lieberman brings in speakers on various
> topics, and we eat dinner from dining. (people not on meal plan can get
> bonused in by Bob!) This was phased out before because the staff had too
> much to handle, but shouldn’t be too much for one or a few interested
> students to run. Speak to RHD Lauren (LDE27) if you are interested in being
> the student coordinator of this, or with RA Julia (JER76) to hear about her
> experience running the program before.
>
>
>
> RE  card access for non-Risleyites using our space: We have maxxed out on
> the number of people we can allow temporary access. This is being looked
> into. Currently, we cannot give access to non-Risleyites to the Dance Studio
> because there is no separation door between the dance studio and the living
> area of the building.
>
> Gabriel: Can’t we get card access for only limited hours?
>
> RHD Lauren: They’re supposed to have a host.
>
> Gabriel: That’s a lot of responsibility for one random Risleyite who’s not
> actually in the group in question.
>
> Dan: Maybe a representative from the club could be let in by the RA on
> call, or a resident, and then that representative would let in the rest of
> their group members?
>
> RA Lauren: There’s a difference between giving a single person card access,
> and turning off card access to the doors for everyone. What we’ve done in
> the past is turn off the card access to the theater door, and then have
> people rely on residents if they need to get from the theater foyer into the
> dance studio.
>
> Sarah: To reduce the amount of people with access to living quarters and to
> make it simpler, would we be able to find a suitable facility in the outside
> non-living quarters layer, to which to relocate outside groups?
>
> Gabriel: The great hall is a similar sized space.
>
> Sally: A bunch of these are actually dance groups, which will need the
> mirror, ability to tap dance, etc. Also, with the great hall, it’s harder to
> let people to use them. Could we get them Shabbat keys? Physical keys? Might
> be a solution?
>
> RHD Lauren: We just really don’t want people who don’t live in the building
> to have access to the living quarters.
>
>
>
> RHD Lauren: TV meeting (meeting about getting a new TV) Sept. 21 at 3:00 in
> the TVR, come one come all, voice opinions to facilities
>
>
>
> Certain individuals have been hanging things on pipes, NO NO BAD BAD FIRE
> HAZARD
>
>
>
> Please use website that Carolina sent out to log things on Wegmans.com if
> you want to do RisBrunch or Eat This, etc. Other food purchases. (address?)
>
>
>
> Life Drawing has been put on hold due to legal issues…business
> services…health and safety management…legally, the person who is modeling
> has to be legal to pose nude in all fifty states. Also, they need to be on
> CU payroll to be paid. I just got a call saying Life Drawing cannot
> happen…this week, we will have clothed models or still life. I’m working on
> it, emailing everybody and your mom, etc.
>
> Kerry: Assuming people volunteer to pose for free, and are 18, can they
> model?
>
> RHD Lauren: Not nude, not this week.
>
>
>
> THE KOMMITTEE STICK OF POWER HAS FALLEN, AIIE
>
>
>
>
>
> RA LAUREN REPORT.
>
>
>
> Tammany happened! Open Mic Night ruuuled, hellz yeah.
>
>
>
> There are still open weekends in the Tammany schedule, contact LRW45 if
> you’d like to bring a group into Tammany.
>
>
>
> This is Lauren, this is no one else.
>
>
> There has been some concern that the listserve has been overutilized,
> especially regarding carshare, trips, etc. I think we could find a better
> way to do things, like busses, taxis…we could create a rideshare bulletin
> board.
>
>
> RA JULIA REPORT.
>
>
>
> Faculty Fellow dinners have started with Antonia (5:30 Mondays) and Tom
> Hill (5:00 Friday). You go, you eat, you sit, you hang out, you learn
> things. If you’re not on meal plan they can bonus you in (eat for free!).
> Ask the dining staff for the sign-in list.
>
>
>
> Also working on a bus trip to the Bodies exhibit in NYC this November. It
> will be a one-day trip. Will probably be a limited number of seats.
>
>
>
> Julia got a hair cut! Boy howdy, but she does look purdy.
>
>
>
> Ahh, a spider!
>
> RA NATE REPORT.
>
>
>
> I haven’t heard back from Cornell EMS yet. Will harass them with vigor this
> week.
>
>
> Thanks to everyone who has signed up to Eat This and RisBrunch.
>
>
>
> We are helping out with Edgemoor’s Haunted House this year. Very shortly, I
> will be seeking out volunteers: actors, techies, etc. A 5-room haunted house
> with the theme of Tiki Terror this year.
>
> RA SALLY REPORT.
>
>
>
> The shops have been doing lots of open shops, programming, etc. Go check
> them out!
>
>
>
> Working on Life Drawing snafu as well.
>
> RA KERRY REPORT.
>
>
> Meditation will start next Sunday at noon in my room.
>
>
> Come to Naked Improv open rehearsal, Sundays from 6-8 in the CLR.
>
>
> Organizing the logistics for a new program, Sex on the Table, has begun.
> This will be a "Liebermania-esque" program, in that we will eat dinner in
> Tammany while listening to a speaker. These speakers will be experts in
> various sex, sexuality, gender, LGBTQ, etc. etc. areas. Stay tuned. Email me
> if you would like to get involved, KLP46.
>
>
> AIR REPORTS.
> CAROLINA:
>
>
>
> Far far away.
>
>
> ABE:
>
>
>
> Hi I’m Abe! I feel like I’ve been introducing myself a lot…here I am again.
> I got a lot to say, get comfortable.
>
>
>
> Let’s alternate between small and big (that’s what she said)
>
>
>
> I’ve come all the way from San Francisco. Looking forward to working with
> all of you guys! I’d like to sort of feel you out, see what your reactions
> are to some of my programming ideas. I came here with two major projects in
> mind for my tenure as Artist in Residence. On top of being a writer, I also
> have a performance group called Odyssey works. Essentially a
> cross-discipline experimental…thingything. Mostly San Fran based. We produce
> very unusual performances, where instead of artists developing something out
> of their own inspiration, we create using our audience as the inspiration,
> which means that the whole group of artists together will study the audience
> member, understand what affects that person, and create a show for them. A
> little bit like a love poem. I work with a huge range of different types of
> artists: writers, dancers, musicians, psychotherapists, composers, etc. etc.
> The result tends to be a 24 hour performance for an audience of one. I want
> to collaborate with artists in Ithaca and NYC to perform Odyssey works.
> Maybe some of you are interested? There will be need for artists of all
> types, especially actors, musicians, dancers – you name it. I will be giving
> a presentation about my work, film and discussion, get more in depth about
> it.  This could be something that happens at ZombieLiebermania. My major
> work is going to be this piece, which will happen in April of 2011. It will
> involve an intensive over Spring Break. Let me know if you are interested in
> getting involved.
>
>
>
> CCA Grants are due in a week, in the process of putting together my
> application, budget, etc.
>
>
>
> Display cases: I have an idea for dems! I’ve long dreamt of this…(who
> hasn’t?) Actually I already have several in my house in San Fran…A
> Fantastical Anthropology of Everyday Objects! Perhaps you could donate a
> comb, a sock, a key – write a page and a half of the history, real or
> imagined, of that object. (We’re interested!)
>
>
>
> Email me at burickson@yahoo.com if you are interested in any of my work,
> or about anything that’s on your mind.
>
>
>
> The other main work I want to accomplish this semester will be called
> Odyssey in a Box. Has anyone ever heard of the work of Janet Kardof (sp?)
> There are a few people out there today that are already doing work that
> borders on what this is. This essentially would be like an audio tour, like
> what you find in museums. But – this takes it a step towards theater. The
> walking audio tour is combined with the radio play, adding an element of the
> poetic. I’ll be developing a two-person audio tour called Odyssey in a Box.
> I need to get grant money first…Essentially, two people will walk into a
> hotel room in NYC, they will see a sign that says “at 10:00 am, press play
> on this MP3 player”…a voice will say “look at your partner. We’ll call your
> partner Pat. Look long and hard at Pat. Can you memorize Pat’s face? Because
> you may never see him again…” and more. Then you will be led to some
> maps…etc…directions…this is the beginning of a 6-hour experience – at
> certain times you might see Pat again – exploring the city throughout the
> day. Exploring distance vs. contact. I will need voice actors, and people
> who are good at recording. Email or otherwise contact me if you are
> interested in participating in some way.
>
>
>
> I want everything I do – my entire life – and yours too…to sound like a
> movie.
>
>
>
> Does anybody like experimental minimalized atonal sound, art, and music? Is
> there a facility here for us to spend some time listening to sounds?
> (Tammany!) We could listen to the sound of feet on gravel in Tazmania…or
> Beethoven’s 9th slowed down. Listening parties.
>
>
>
> The reading series. I’ve been talking with Will Cordiero a lot…he misses us
> and we miss him…so he might come back and do a reading! I’ve also been
> talking to a lot of MFA students. Many are amazing writers.  We could
> combine a Risley poet as an opener to an invited poet, or another kind of
> writer. I want to bring in MFA students, professors, writers from NYC
> (famous ones?).
>
> Julia: There is a massive RisPoetry group that is forming, I will put you
> in touch with one another.
>
> Contact me if you’d like to do some reading.
>
>
>
> I’m really excited to be here because I have access now to some great
> resources in terms of sacred art. In and near Ithaca, there are at least two
> and maybe three things I would like to tap into if I can. I’ve spoken to one
> of these groups, but not yet the other two..There is a woman here who is a
> Whirling Dervish, who teaches Whirling. She has been given permission by the
> Order to teach. If people would be interested in having a Whirling workshop,
> let me know. Whirling Dervishes are an order of Sufis, Sufism is the
> mystical branch of Islam, there are many practices involved, the most
> important of which is Zichar (sp?), the chanting of the nine names of G*d,
> the Samah (sp?) is “audition” or “hearing” – all about art. Listening to
> poetry, or music, or dance. The Whirling is dance. The aesthetic experience
> approaches the divine. It is powerful and fascinating. I practiced this
> myself, though I no longer do. Hopefully we could use the dance studio, and
> hopefully make it open to non-Risleyites. Hopefully someone out there will
> work with me on this? Please contact me or push people my way if you think
> they’d like it.
>
>
>
> The Sacred Dance of Gurja. (missed name) is a spiritual teacher from the
> first half of the twentieth century. He learned a lot of sacred dances, many
> of them Sufi, and developed his own sacred dancing. Similar to Whirling in
> some way, but unique. Also a kind of meditative dance. An encoding of
> emotional and spiritual data. In Rochester (or near it) there is a group
> that has some fantastic teachers of this kind of dance. There is a teacher
> in Ithaca as well. I currently practice this kind of dance. I would love it
> if one of these teachers could come and give a workshop here.
>
>
>
> There is a wonderful Buddhist monastery in town – Namgyal monastery (
> http://www.namgyal.org/). The Dalai Lama comes sometimes. It is an
> important place. There are a number of practices that involve sacred art
> practiced by these Tibetan Buddhists, notably sand mandalas. I would love it
> if we could get some monks to come and build a mandala here, or simply to
> come and talk.
>
>
>
> Who is the theater? Sarah, Ben, Lauren. I have a play! I’m not going to
> direct it. The whole point of this play is for someone else to put it
> on…it’s really challenging.
>
> RA Lauren: Think about putting it up for play proposal next semester.
>
> Abe: would require lots of rooms, logistics, creativity. Was originally
> designed for a theater in SanFran plus a three story building and a bus. But
> it could happen here! Why not! Life is beautiful. I’m very open to things
> being reworked, as a writer. Might just hand you a script and walk away…
>
>
>
> TL;DR email Abe at burickson@yahoo.com if you are interested in any of the
> projects mentioned above.
>
>
> ANNOUNCEMENTS.
>
>
>
> Kommittee elections are coming up woo! Referendum is happening Weds Thurs
> Friday. Tonight is the last night to say you want to run for a position.
> There will be 8 members at large, ministr of letters (woo) and the
> propagandist.
>
> Members at Large Nominees:
>
> 1. Benji Lehman
>
> 2. Kim Adams
>
> 3. Clover Bobker
>
> 4. Adam Romero
>
> 5. Spencer Whale (? that can't be right...OR IS IT)
>
> 6. Danny Bernstein
>
> 7. Miles Ludek
>
> 8.
>
> 9.
>
> 10. {Whoops. Would one of you lovely Monster ladies kindly forward the
> missing bits of this list to everyone?}
>
> 11.
>
> 12.
>
> 13.
>
> 14.
>
> 15. Sarah Longchamp
>
>
>
> Minister of Letters nominees:
>
> 1. Roskolnikov
>
> 2. Miles Ludek and Kerry Pinnisi (two headed monster)
>
>
>
> Propagandist:
>
> 1. Dinophone
>
> 2. Nolan Poulin and Clover Bobker (two headed monster)
>
>
>
> RA Lauren: there are extra-curKommitteeular responsibilities as
> Propagandist, so I think it is beneficial to have two people.
>
>
>
> Keep your eyes out for the table outside of dining, Weds Thurs Friday this
> week.
>
>
>
> Note: you can run for more than one position, but you cannot accept more
> than one.
>
>
>
> Next Kommittee we will be reading the winners of the election. Your
> positions will be effective immediately after that announcement. El
> Presidente for Life nominations will be accepted at that point as well.
>
>
>
> Please send blurbs about who you are and why you want to run to the
> listserve if you are running, especially if it is for a contested position.
>
>
> *I, KERRY, WANT TO RUN AS HALF OF THE MINISTER OF LETTERS BECAUSE I THINK
> IT IS FUN TO DO. PLEASE SEE ABOVE AND BELOW FOR AN EXAMPLE OF MY WORK.*
>
>
>
> Julia: let’s email all those blurbs to Nolan, the Propagandist, at NIP4, so
> he can condense and properly publish them by midnight on Monday (THAT’S
> TOMORROW! When Monday turns into Tuesday, that is.)
>
>
>
> The RisArchivist is a position that is by appointment, not by election. We
> really need someone who knows where things are! Jeff was the last archivist
> (even though we never actually appointed him), but he graduated.
>
> Jeff: The role of the archivist is actually rather ambiguous.  We will be
> pursuing getting the archives into the RisLibrary. They are responsible for
> managing and organizing the Archives – a room in the Mezzanine (above
> dining) where documents from the last 40 years or so of Risley history are
> stored. See Charter for official definition (
> http://risley.org/pages/kommittee/archives/Charter041810.pdf). You must
> have a recommendation from Jeff (JTD34), talk to him. This could be
> potentially a two- or three-headed monster, lots of work involved.
>
>
>
> Camilla: Hi! I’m an RA from McLLU (the Multicultural Living and Learning
> Unit, another program house on campus). We want to get involved with Risley
> and do programs together. We want to do a bus trip to NYC to see the
> Broadway show Fela. Critically acclaimed. Want to see a matinee Nov. 13.
> This would involve Ujamaa as well as Risley and McLLU. We want to make this
> as affordable as possible. We also want to give you some time to enjoy the
> city after the show. Currently we’re looking at $20-$30 for the trip and
> ticket (which is mad cheap, get up on this)! Look for further info on the
> listserve. Email me at KAA55 with questions, comments or interest.
>
> RHD Lauren: If you want to be McLLU’s connection point for this project,
> please contact me or Camilla.
>
>
>
> Ben: We are seeking a Risley Webmaster to put new, fresh, cool content on
> the Risley webpage! Email me at BMW39 if you are interested.
>
>
>
> Abe: I keep mentioning grants..they’re also for students, student
> organizations, projects, etc. The deadline is soon, and there’s a lot you
> have to do – come talk to me right away if you want info about how to get
> money to do what you want to do!
>
>  OTHER BUSINESS.
>
>
>
> Approval of last week’s minutes.
>
> Acclaimed. Yay thanks.
>
>
>
> Masquerave: Whitney is our program coordinator, Nate is our coordinating
> RA, but we need also a finalized subcommittee and a theme BY THE END OF THIS
> WEEK. There will be an email going out by the end of tomorrow looking for
> people to coordinate the three front rooms and Tammany. Think about if you
> want to design a themed room.
>
> RA Lauren: anyone who is currently a junior or younger, please consider
> working with Whitney, so there will be someone next year who knows how to do
> it…
>
>
> ALLOCATIONS:
>
>
>
> Molly: $90 for 200 ft of jewelry wire for jewelry shop. Want extra so
> people can mess around and get really creative!
>
> Acclaimed.
>
>
>
> RHD Lauren: Kommittee should have snacks! $30 for snacks next week.
>
> Audrey: That’s a lot of money…
>
> Chorus: It will go back into the budget if she goes under.
>
> Audrey: What kind of snacks were you going to bring?
>
> RHD Lauren: Was looking for suggestions. This allocation could also last a
> few Kommittees.
>
> RA Lauren calls to question.
>
> Calling to question LOUDLY ACCLAIMED.
>
> Hand vote:
>
> 26 in favor, 2 nay, 1 Abstain.
>
> Acclaimed. LINING YOUR OWN POCKETS EH KOMMITTEE?
>
>
>
> Miles: We want to make a book scanner! Mostly we need digital cameras and
> some hardware to hold a book. This can also be used as a single page
> scanner. We would like $300.
>
> Brandon: Is there an intellectual property concern if we are Risley funding
> scanning copies of books?
>
> Ben: We’re scanning artwork! Also, just possessing a scanner is not
> illegal. Also, we mostly want to scan Archives.
> Jeff: Is this going to automatically turn the pages for you?
> Ben: Sorry, no robot to do your bidding, lazypants.
>
> Nate: You mentioned camera/cameras…what kind?
>
> Ben: Two cameras, Powershot AE480, $75 each, 10 megapixels each.
>
> Clover: Motion to call to question.
>
> Nate: This is going to be a long Kommittee, but we could use discussion on
> this important issue. FAMOUS LAST WORDS.
>
> RHD Lauren: Let’s give Abe a chance to speak too, as he is a writer.
>
> Motion to call to question denied. The Nays were loud enough, sorry
> Charter.
>
> Abe: About copyright. Since this is a university, an educational
> institution, for our use here we can scan and copy any book we want and it
> will fall under the FAIR USE CLAUSE (I fought the law and the…law won!) As
> long as we’re using it for educational purposes.
>
> Adam: Would it be cheaper and easier to buy a scanner?
>
> Ben: A flatbed scanner wouldn’t do it for us, and an actual scanner is way
> too expensive.
>
> Ben: The budget currently has $2405.06 unallocated.
>
> Molly: Are there any cameras that Risley already owns that we could use?
>
> Ben: It’s better to have matched pairs.
>
> Audrey: Why do we need two?
> Ben: It’s angled in such a way to do two pages at once.
>
> Nate: Two cheap cameras ($90)…we could lend them to people in the building.
> Dual use allocation. Can we call to question?
>
> Sally: comment on calling to question: Where’s the other $150 going?
>
> Ben: Cables, SD card, two by fours, washers, nuts, MDF, clamp lamps,
> lighting, acrylic. We’ve consulted with the woodshop re: building the frame
> and we decided it was best to have our own $ for it.
>
> Motion called to question.
>
> Motion passes. Book scanner exists! (as a twinkle in Miles's and Ben's
> eye..)
>
>
>
> Brendan, CLR, poetry group: Colin’s poetry group is great! 5:00-6:00
> Saturdays, CLR
>
> Julia: Then we go to dinner afterwards!
>
> Acclaimed.
>
>
>
> Bennett: Following up on things we allocated for last year, that we voted
> in favor of, but didn’t follow through on – still want to get…
>
>
>
> $300 for a dance studio mat. We currently have one but the existing mat is
> too small. Also Kerry is allergic to it.
>
> Gabriel: This money has not been subtracted from the budget even though we
> already allocated it?
>
> Ben: It is not in any way reflected in our budget.
>
> RHD Lauren: This was allocated in 2009-2010 budget. This money did roll
> back in. This is basically a new allocation.
>
> Alan: Is it necessary to cover the entire floor with a single mat?
>
> Ben: not the entire floor, but we have only one mat…if you wanted to do
> e.g. throws, then you can really only have 1 practicing pair. This is
> insufficient.
>
> Acclaimed.
>
>
>
> Tom, $100, rags for the print shop.
>
> Nolan: Are there specific rags or can we just find some old shirts?
>
> Ben: He is going to buy them locally in bulk, they will last forever.
>
> Jim: Are we still talking about this? Oh, I was recently in the print shop,
> and they really do use A LOT of rags, like really, and you need a special
> kind not to hurt your press or the print.
>
> Sarah: Were these rags part of last week’s print shop allocation?
>
> Ben: No.
>
> Acclaimed.
>
>
>
> $30 for Bananagrams. Everyone loves this game, we wanted two sets.
>
> Adam: What is Banagrams?
> Ben: A fun scrabble-like game that comes in a banana!
>
> Monster calls to question due to distress.
>
> Acclaimed.
>
>
>
> Abe: Applying to Cornell Council to the Arts. The production cost for
> Odyssey Works NYC production in April is $4,736. I would like $3,000 from
> Cornell grant, and I’m going to try to raise about $1,100 from donors. I’m
> going to ask for $600 from Risley Kommittee.
>
> Bennett: So you said this is happening in April. So this is a lot of money
> now. We haven’t gotten money from Rocky Horror yet. Can this wait?
>
> Abe: No, because the application to CCA is due on the 20th of this month.
> I don’t NEED the money now, but I need to know that I CAN have it.
>
> Jeff: 1. How much is the other allocation? I’m worried about running low on
> $$...on the other hand, I know they (grant givers) like to see that people
> have bought into this.
>
> Ben: we’re currently at $1675.06.
>
> Jeff: So that’s 2/3 of our budget. ($600 plus forthcoming $400 allocation
> from Abe).
>
> Julia: Have we allocated for MRave and Rocky yet?
>
> RA Lauren: Yes, but we have not yet allocated for cultural dinners or
> RisThanksgiving.
>
> Jeff: Is that $500 that will be left going to last us? Are there other
> planned allocations?
>
> RA Lauren: Yes, me. I’ll be asking for $168 dollars.
>
> Benji: Given that Abe said he doesn’t actually need to USE the money before
> April, i.e. after Rocky and MRave, I feel as though this isn’t as risky as
> it seems and it is furthering our RisMission. I support this.
>
> Abe: Yes, most of the money for this will need to be used after January.
>
> Nolan: Will we be able to nominally be in the red (i.e. spend the money we
> allocate for Abe here, before we get our MRave money)?
> Ben: BTW we’ve never spent more than $200 on a non-traditional program.
>
> Audrey: The most our budget ever was was $6,000…this is a lot of money.
>
> Sarah L.: Even though I can see how it would be technically possible to use
> the money that’s been allocated, unless we have the ability to back out of
> that allocation, that is a really good way to run ourselves into debt. This
> is how Wall Street crashed and burned.
>
> RA Lauren: Have you asked for money from TSub? They have a separate budget.
> Also MRave, even though it earned $600, spent $800, was a net $200 loss.
>
> Gabriel: Is there something in Charter that would allow us to “make a
> pledge”?
>
> Ben: No.
>
> Gabriel: Also, these grant people want to see that we’re putting in
> money…Risley’s kind of in a similar position, worrying about whether the
> grant will come through.
>
> Abe: Every grant wants to know you’ve gotten a grant from somewhere else…
>
> Courtney: Would it make sense to allocate a portion of what you’re asking
> for, so you can say you’re being supported and we’ll give you the other half
> later if we can?
> Abe: It’s possible.
>
> Nolan: The $6000 we had last year was due in large part to the proceeds
> from Dr. Horrible’s Sing Along Blog.
>
> Benji: Actually no. That went into TSub’s budget.
>
> Nolan: Also we were told that we were going to lose our money if we didn’t
> spent it – hence came the foam swords.
>
> Jeff: We have $45/student x 600 members (I think)
>
> Ben: Last semester we started with $11,000, we cut off $2,500 to feed the
> AIRs. The Spring is very different from the fall because there are no more
> big expensive programs.
>
> Jeff: Can we even allocate money to spend next semester?
>
> Ben: Not sure.
>
> Sarah: When are these grants due? Could this wait until after TSub meets
> next week?
>
> Abe: Grants are due next Monday. So no.
>
> Abe: How much is in TSub’s budget?
>
> Benji: About $2000.
>
> Sarah: We have upcoming in-house products, and we also don’t know how much
> we’re going to spend on rewiring (a huge project).
>
> Kerry: This could quell spontaneous programming.
>
> RA Lauren/RHD Lauren Dual-Brained Entity: Can we just bend the rules and
> pretend we’re allocating out of next semester’s budget?
>
> New motion: $600 from next semester’s budget.
>
> Audrey: I want to point out that he hasn’t quite finished describing what
> the motion is for.
> Abe: I’ve only spoken about the first motion, which is this $600 for the 24
> hour piece (with Odyssey Works - the show for the audience of one) that will
> happen in NYC (and Ithaca). The funding is for transportation and bringing
> artists (including maybe you) in to work with us. Rental space, materials,
> costuming, food. Funds also for documentation, DVDs etc. The full budget
> (the whole grant) includes money for me to give a presentation on the work
> we did.
>
> Ben: What else could we be doing with this money? Lots of things we could
> get for the building that would last for a long time that we would not be
> able to do, spontaneous programming, etc.
>
> Abe: This performance will only happen once in the universe, and this is
> the only chance that I’ll have to do this in NYC, and probably the only
> chance you’ll have to do this.
>
> Sarah L.: I would say that again, I’m not really comfortable with promising
> money for next semester unless we’re either 100% sure we’re going to have
> the money, or we have some sort of exit clause on it.
>
> Molly: The point of doing it next semester is that we’ll start with a fresh
> budget then.
>
> Jeff: I am really nervous about allocating money for next semester. Seems
> like it’s setting a dangerous precedent, which I know we don’t have now –
> and it’s definitely bending the rules. I would rather spend money now.
>
> RA Lauren: We won’t actually be spending this money now anyway.
> Additionally, it might be beneficial to table this motion.
>
> Abe: That means it would be discussed next week…that will be difficult
> because the deadline is the next day.
>
> RA Lauren: OK, no tabling.
>
> Adam: If we allocated this money now, and then didn’t spend it for a long
> time, would our budget be operating as if it had $600 or $1600?
>
> Brendan: Things of this sort are sort of why Risley exists, no? To foster
> this sort of art? (Hear Hear)
>
> Kaiya: Motion to call to question.
>
> Jeff: What is the actual motion right now?
>
> Molly: $600 out of next semester’s budget.
>
> 11 yes,  8 opposed, 10 abstain.
>
> We need to vote to divide the house. If the motion to divide the house does
> not pass by a simple majority, the motion fails.
>
> 20 in favor to divide the house, 4 opposed, 2 abstain.
>
> The house is divided. [Abe leaves the room]
>
> 13 in favor, 16 against. Motion fails.
>
> Adam: Now he can revise it to ask for a different amount of money.
>
> Abe: I revise my motion to $300 for this semester.
>
> Jeff: I’m glad it’s coming out of this semester. This could affect voting.
>
> Spencer: Risley involvement with this project seems scant. It might be hard
> for students to be available at all because it’s happening over Spring
> Break, and there’s no audience.
>
> Abe: The piece will involve a large number of artists, and there will be a
> transportation system to get to NYC, and a portion will happen in Ithaca,
> quite possibly in Ithaca. My intention is to get as many artists involved as
> possible (Kerry: the audience is the artist, in some sense, perhaps?) There
> might also be something happening in the theater.
>
> Jeff: Any AIR that wants to support the arts and RisCommunity deserves our
> support. (HEAR HEAR!)
> Ben: Motion to call to question.
>
> 28 in favor, 2 opposed
>
> Motion is called to question. $300 this semester.
>
> 26 in favor, 2 opposed, 3 abstain.
>
> $300 passes. Clap clap clap.
>
>
>
> EVERYONE GETS A RISPURITY POINT FOR ATTENDING A 2 HOUR KOMMITTEE!! RHD
> Lauren’s first one!
>
>
> Gabriel: If TSub allocates lots for him, can we get money back?
>
> Sally: Money not spent goes back to the budget.
>
>
>
> Abe: I promise never to do this to you all again. No more purity points on
> my account.
>
> (General Laughter).
>
>
>
> Abe: The budget for this second piece, which is the “audio tour” (see
> above), called Odyssey in a Box. Want to create 5 different tours on one day
> in the city, leaving at staggered times. I want an allocation from this
> semester, to be spent this semester. This involves recording and playback
> elements. Want to have voice actors, people who work with sound – want to do
> it in the recording studio. Then there is the actual object – a box. A
> beautiful box that gives an air of mystery, Alice in Wonderlandesque. This
> allocation would primarily be for the creation of these boxes. The full
> budget is about $1500. The request is $400. About a quarter of the piece
> will involve Risley folk. The items in the box will be an MP3 player, toy
> binoculars, 1 day metro card, tote bag, some other various objects.
> $111.25/box (about). 10 boxes = 5 tours. There’s also a rental of a hotel
> room, and trips to New York (hopefully including Risleyites to take the
> tour).
>
> Adam: Risleyites would be doing the voice recording, making the boxes
> themselves, who actually takes the tours?
>
> Abe: They’re open to the public. Risleyites could go. Obviously there is a
> limited number that can go each day.
>
> Adam: Is there any way that we could make this a “rental experience” and
> make some money back off of this? Advertise it as a couple's experience?
>
> Abe: I don’t want to allocate based on profits I don’t yet know about. But
> – the rental of the room – the boxes could be at the Cornell Club, and
> patrons there could rent the boxes/experience for $50/day, a portion of
> which could very reasonably come back to Risley.
>
> Bennett: This is an awesome project idea, I love that Risleyites will be
> involved, but what I see us getting from the money is $400 for making sure
> the project happens and so we can be involved. That feels expensive for our
> buck.
>
> Audrey: Is there any way that you could move the project an audio tour of
> Ithaca?
>
> Gabriel: We are technically a city.
>
> Abe: I’ve already begun work on this, so no. I could add students
> (Risleyites) working on an audio tour of Risley, though. If we did this as a
> downloadable MP3 it would cost nothing. Wanted to see how many people were
> getting involved in the first proposed piece, then allocate for that next
> semester.
>
> Gabriel: I agree with Audrey. Risley is supposed to be supporting the arts,
> but doing these off-location projects adds so much expense. I also think we
> have or can make some of the things you want on your list. Doing things that
> way, rather than just spending money, has our own residents crafting, which
> is part of the goal we support. How much of that have you thought about? I
> don’t think we have time to talk about that tonight. Also: there are 10
> people that can do this per day, right? The overhead for that “audience” is
> a large ratio.
>
> Abe: It can go on for years – hundreds and hundreds of people can take the
> tour.
>
> Gabriel: There should also be a discussion about where these are kept, and
> who owns them, and who gets the “renting” profits? I’d like to think Risley
> would own them.
>
> Molly: Can we move the discussion away from “can you rewrite your grant”?
> They’re all great ideas but that’s not a reasonable request.
>
> Sally: Motion to call to question.
>
> 22 in favor, 5 against, 5 abstain.
>
> Motion is called to question.
>
> Voting on $400 for Odyssey in a Box.
>
> 12 in favor, 7 against, 10 abstain.
>
> Motion to divide the house.
>
> 27 in favor, 1 against, 1 abstain.
>
> THIS IS WHY WE NEED SNACKS.
>
> The house is divided. Voting on $400 for Abe.
>
> 19 in favor, 11 against, 1 (RA exercising the Switzerland clause)
> abstention.
>
> Motion fails.
>
> Abe: If I lowered it to $300 would that change anyone’s mind?
>
> Abe: Motion to vote on $300.
>
> 20 in favor, 9 against, 2 abstain.
>
> Motion passes. CLAPCLAPCLAP.
>
>
>
> RA Lauren: $300 for Risley Thanksgiving. This is something we usually do.
> This is a program held on Thanksgiving Day. Students cook and eat together.
> For everyone in the Risley community who stays for Thanksgiving. You can
> bring a guest if you pay in advance (LLC People, Isaac’s Dad, etc.). We
> usually feed 40+ people.
>
> Acclaimed.
>
>
>
> Ben: Sundays 3-4 Dance Studio for Kali (martial arts)
>
> Acclaimedreallyfast
>
>
>
>
> OTHER OTHER BUSINESS.
>
>
>
> None.
>
> THEME FOR NEXT KOMMITTEE. Raise your hand if you need a snack Kommittee.
>
> SECRET AGENDA. It’s not so much a purity point as it is a couple’s
> experience.
>
> (Well played, Kate.)(I think it was Kate.)
>
>
>
part}
part{ ID: 3, Content-type: text/html
Non-text part: text/html
part}
part}
body}
message}
message{ id:AANLkTinuJwCmPNU6j5OrrFT1y-z0EU92+Wj36UXtZKRO@mail.gmail.com depth:2 match:1 excluded:0 filename:/home/tlevine/safe/maildir/cold/thomas.levine@gmail.com/Risley Hall/cur/1342935185_0.29203.desk,U=5981,FMD5=0053d1416f3d0bfa6a572fa31ce7c0ec:2,S
header{
Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu> (2010-09-13) (inbox)
Subject: Re: KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR SEPTEMBER THE 12, 2010: FIRE MARSHALL LOVE/WOLVES ON A PLANE KOMMITTEE
From: Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu>
To: Audrey Sutton <ars286@cornell.edu>
Cc: risleyhall-l <risleyhall-l@cornell.edu>
Date: Mon, 13 Sep 2010 07:17:42 -0400
header}
body{
part{ ID: 1, Content-type: multipart/alternative
part{ ID: 2, Content-type: text/plain
Actually, charter rules as follows:

"Note: you can run for more than one position, but you cannot accept more
than one."

Love,
Kerry

On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 4:12 AM, Audrey Sutton <ars286@cornell.edu> wrote:

> I am one of the people running as a member at large.
> I would also like to point out that it was brought up in meeting that
> because they are running unopposed for other positions and you can only have
> one position, both Clover and Miles are not in the running for members at
> large.
> ~Audrey Sutton 248
>
> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 1:17 AM, Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu> wrote:
>
>> I apologize, but due to the sheer length of the minutes combined with my
>> drugged (antihistamine) state, there may be an unusual number of errors in
>> tonight's minutes. Please, if anything (no matter how small) is incorrect,
>> email the listserve directly (ideally, "reply all"). Thanks, lots of love,
>> your Minister of Letters.
>>
>>
>> KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR SEPTEMBER THE 12, 2010
>> THEME: FIRE MARSHALL LOVE/WOLVES ON A PLANE KOMMITTEE
>>
>>
>>
>> Clarification: Is it endured members or members-at-large that can vote in
>> the upcoming election? It is endured members, i.e., all members! P.S. As it
>> is the third meeting of Kommittee, welcome new (officially) endured members!
>>
>>
>>
>> Also: Long Kommittee is long. To expidite long Kommittee, let us know if
>> you want to be removed from a list of speakers when we are doing comments or
>> questions. Use the cancellation gesture of your choice.
>>
>> (FAMOUS LAST WORDS..)
>>
>> INSIDE GROUPS SEEKING MUSIC ROOM:
>>
>>
>>
>> None.
>>
>> OUTSIDE GROUPS:
>>
>>
>>
>> Sabor Latino, 9-11 Sunday Nights
>>
>> Sally: Do they already have time?
>>
>> Ben: No.
>>
>> Acclaimed.
>>
>>
>>  GV REPORT – We have $2525.06! We got the $7/ head!
>>
>> Can we buy $.06 worth of penny candy?
>> -       Risquirer – Emily Walker
>>
>>
>>
>> Ben: Has anyone seen the Bananagrams?
>>
>> Kerry: I bought a set myself! Let me know if you want to play with me J
>>
>>
>> RHD LAUREN REPORT
>>
>>
>>
>> Hot off the press!
>>
>>
>>
>> Approached by Bob Lieberman, who wants to bring back Liebermania. However,
>> there will be some caveats this year. Liebermania is a weekly or bi-monthly
>> series for dinner in Tammany. Bob Lieberman brings in speakers on various
>> topics, and we eat dinner from dining. (people not on meal plan can get
>> bonused in by Bob!) This was phased out before because the staff had too
>> much to handle, but shouldn’t be too much for one or a few interested
>> students to run. Speak to RHD Lauren (LDE27) if you are interested in being
>> the student coordinator of this, or with RA Julia (JER76) to hear about her
>> experience running the program before.
>>
>>
>>
>> RE  card access for non-Risleyites using our space: We have maxxed out on
>> the number of people we can allow temporary access. This is being looked
>> into. Currently, we cannot give access to non-Risleyites to the Dance Studio
>> because there is no separation door between the dance studio and the living
>> area of the building.
>>
>> Gabriel: Can’t we get card access for only limited hours?
>>
>> RHD Lauren: They’re supposed to have a host.
>>
>> Gabriel: That’s a lot of responsibility for one random Risleyite who’s not
>> actually in the group in question.
>>
>> Dan: Maybe a representative from the club could be let in by the RA on
>> call, or a resident, and then that representative would let in the rest of
>> their group members?
>>
>> RA Lauren: There’s a difference between giving a single person card
>> access, and turning off card access to the doors for everyone. What we’ve
>> done in the past is turn off the card access to the theater door, and then
>> have people rely on residents if they need to get from the theater foyer
>> into the dance studio.
>>
>> Sarah: To reduce the amount of people with access to living quarters and
>> to make it simpler, would we be able to find a suitable facility in the
>> outside non-living quarters layer, to which to relocate outside groups?
>>
>> Gabriel: The great hall is a similar sized space.
>>
>> Sally: A bunch of these are actually dance groups, which will need the
>> mirror, ability to tap dance, etc. Also, with the great hall, it’s harder to
>> let people to use them. Could we get them Shabbat keys? Physical keys? Might
>> be a solution?
>>
>> RHD Lauren: We just really don’t want people who don’t live in the
>> building to have access to the living quarters.
>>
>>
>>
>> RHD Lauren: TV meeting (meeting about getting a new TV) Sept. 21 at 3:00
>> in the TVR, come one come all, voice opinions to facilities
>>
>>
>>
>> Certain individuals have been hanging things on pipes, NO NO BAD BAD FIRE
>> HAZARD
>>
>>
>>
>> Please use website that Carolina sent out to log things on Wegmans.com if
>> you want to do RisBrunch or Eat This, etc. Other food purchases. (address?)
>>
>>
>>
>> Life Drawing has been put on hold due to legal issues…business
>> services…health and safety management…legally, the person who is modeling
>> has to be legal to pose nude in all fifty states. Also, they need to be on
>> CU payroll to be paid. I just got a call saying Life Drawing cannot
>> happen…this week, we will have clothed models or still life. I’m working on
>> it, emailing everybody and your mom, etc.
>>
>> Kerry: Assuming people volunteer to pose for free, and are 18, can they
>> model?
>>
>> RHD Lauren: Not nude, not this week.
>>
>>
>>
>> THE KOMMITTEE STICK OF POWER HAS FALLEN, AIIE
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> RA LAUREN REPORT.
>>
>>
>>
>> Tammany happened! Open Mic Night ruuuled, hellz yeah.
>>
>>
>>
>> There are still open weekends in the Tammany schedule, contact LRW45 if
>> you’d like to bring a group into Tammany.
>>
>>
>>
>> This is Lauren, this is no one else.
>>
>>
>> There has been some concern that the listserve has been overutilized,
>> especially regarding carshare, trips, etc. I think we could find a better
>> way to do things, like busses, taxis…we could create a rideshare bulletin
>> board.
>>
>>
>> RA JULIA REPORT.
>>
>>
>>
>> Faculty Fellow dinners have started with Antonia (5:30 Mondays) and Tom
>> Hill (5:00 Friday). You go, you eat, you sit, you hang out, you learn
>> things. If you’re not on meal plan they can bonus you in (eat for free!).
>> Ask the dining staff for the sign-in list.
>>
>>
>>
>> Also working on a bus trip to the Bodies exhibit in NYC this November. It
>> will be a one-day trip. Will probably be a limited number of seats.
>>
>>
>>
>> Julia got a hair cut! Boy howdy, but she does look purdy.
>>
>>
>>
>> Ahh, a spider!
>>
>> RA NATE REPORT.
>>
>>
>>
>> I haven’t heard back from Cornell EMS yet. Will harass them with vigor
>> this week.
>>
>>
>> Thanks to everyone who has signed up to Eat This and RisBrunch.
>>
>>
>>
>> We are helping out with Edgemoor’s Haunted House this year. Very shortly,
>> I will be seeking out volunteers: actors, techies, etc. A 5-room haunted
>> house with the theme of Tiki Terror this year.
>>
>> RA SALLY REPORT.
>>
>>
>>
>> The shops have been doing lots of open shops, programming, etc. Go check
>> them out!
>>
>>
>>
>> Working on Life Drawing snafu as well.
>>
>> RA KERRY REPORT.
>>
>>
>> Meditation will start next Sunday at noon in my room.
>>
>>
>> Come to Naked Improv open rehearsal, Sundays from 6-8 in the CLR.
>>
>>
>> Organizing the logistics for a new program, Sex on the Table, has begun.
>> This will be a "Liebermania-esque" program, in that we will eat dinner in
>> Tammany while listening to a speaker. These speakers will be experts in
>> various sex, sexuality, gender, LGBTQ, etc. etc. areas. Stay tuned. Email me
>> if you would like to get involved, KLP46.
>>
>>
>> AIR REPORTS.
>> CAROLINA:
>>
>>
>>
>> Far far away.
>>
>>
>> ABE:
>>
>>
>>
>> Hi I’m Abe! I feel like I’ve been introducing myself a lot…here I am
>> again. I got a lot to say, get comfortable.
>>
>>
>>
>> Let’s alternate between small and big (that’s what she said)
>>
>>
>>
>> I’ve come all the way from San Francisco. Looking forward to working with
>> all of you guys! I’d like to sort of feel you out, see what your reactions
>> are to some of my programming ideas. I came here with two major projects in
>> mind for my tenure as Artist in Residence. On top of being a writer, I also
>> have a performance group called Odyssey works. Essentially a
>> cross-discipline experimental…thingything. Mostly San Fran based. We produce
>> very unusual performances, where instead of artists developing something out
>> of their own inspiration, we create using our audience as the inspiration,
>> which means that the whole group of artists together will study the audience
>> member, understand what affects that person, and create a show for them. A
>> little bit like a love poem. I work with a huge range of different types of
>> artists: writers, dancers, musicians, psychotherapists, composers, etc. etc.
>> The result tends to be a 24 hour performance for an audience of one. I want
>> to collaborate with artists in Ithaca and NYC to perform Odyssey works.
>> Maybe some of you are interested? There will be need for artists of all
>> types, especially actors, musicians, dancers – you name it. I will be giving
>> a presentation about my work, film and discussion, get more in depth about
>> it.  This could be something that happens at ZombieLiebermania. My major
>> work is going to be this piece, which will happen in April of 2011. It will
>> involve an intensive over Spring Break. Let me know if you are interested in
>> getting involved.
>>
>>
>>
>> CCA Grants are due in a week, in the process of putting together my
>> application, budget, etc.
>>
>>
>>
>> Display cases: I have an idea for dems! I’ve long dreamt of this…(who
>> hasn’t?) Actually I already have several in my house in San Fran…A
>> Fantastical Anthropology of Everyday Objects! Perhaps you could donate a
>> comb, a sock, a key – write a page and a half of the history, real or
>> imagined, of that object. (We’re interested!)
>>
>>
>>
>> Email me at burickson@yahoo.com if you are interested in any of my work,
>> or about anything that’s on your mind.
>>
>>
>>
>> The other main work I want to accomplish this semester will be called
>> Odyssey in a Box. Has anyone ever heard of the work of Janet Kardof (sp?)
>> There are a few people out there today that are already doing work that
>> borders on what this is. This essentially would be like an audio tour, like
>> what you find in museums. But – this takes it a step towards theater. The
>> walking audio tour is combined with the radio play, adding an element of the
>> poetic. I’ll be developing a two-person audio tour called Odyssey in a Box.
>> I need to get grant money first…Essentially, two people will walk into a
>> hotel room in NYC, they will see a sign that says “at 10:00 am, press play
>> on this MP3 player”…a voice will say “look at your partner. We’ll call your
>> partner Pat. Look long and hard at Pat. Can you memorize Pat’s face? Because
>> you may never see him again…” and more. Then you will be led to some
>> maps…etc…directions…this is the beginning of a 6-hour experience – at
>> certain times you might see Pat again – exploring the city throughout the
>> day. Exploring distance vs. contact. I will need voice actors, and people
>> who are good at recording. Email or otherwise contact me if you are
>> interested in participating in some way.
>>
>>
>>
>> I want everything I do – my entire life – and yours too…to sound like a
>> movie.
>>
>>
>>
>> Does anybody like experimental minimalized atonal sound, art, and music?
>> Is there a facility here for us to spend some time listening to sounds?
>> (Tammany!) We could listen to the sound of feet on gravel in Tazmania…or
>> Beethoven’s 9th slowed down. Listening parties.
>>
>>
>>
>> The reading series. I’ve been talking with Will Cordiero a lot…he misses
>> us and we miss him…so he might come back and do a reading! I’ve also been
>> talking to a lot of MFA students. Many are amazing writers.  We could
>> combine a Risley poet as an opener to an invited poet, or another kind of
>> writer. I want to bring in MFA students, professors, writers from NYC
>> (famous ones?).
>>
>> Julia: There is a massive RisPoetry group that is forming, I will put you
>> in touch with one another.
>>
>> Contact me if you’d like to do some reading.
>>
>>
>>
>> I’m really excited to be here because I have access now to some great
>> resources in terms of sacred art. In and near Ithaca, there are at least two
>> and maybe three things I would like to tap into if I can. I’ve spoken to one
>> of these groups, but not yet the other two..There is a woman here who is a
>> Whirling Dervish, who teaches Whirling. She has been given permission by the
>> Order to teach. If people would be interested in having a Whirling workshop,
>> let me know. Whirling Dervishes are an order of Sufis, Sufism is the
>> mystical branch of Islam, there are many practices involved, the most
>> important of which is Zichar (sp?), the chanting of the nine names of G*d,
>> the Samah (sp?) is “audition” or “hearing” – all about art. Listening to
>> poetry, or music, or dance. The Whirling is dance. The aesthetic experience
>> approaches the divine. It is powerful and fascinating. I practiced this
>> myself, though I no longer do. Hopefully we could use the dance studio, and
>> hopefully make it open to non-Risleyites. Hopefully someone out there will
>> work with me on this? Please contact me or push people my way if you think
>> they’d like it.
>>
>>
>>
>> The Sacred Dance of Gurja. (missed name) is a spiritual teacher from the
>> first half of the twentieth century. He learned a lot of sacred dances, many
>> of them Sufi, and developed his own sacred dancing. Similar to Whirling in
>> some way, but unique. Also a kind of meditative dance. An encoding of
>> emotional and spiritual data. In Rochester (or near it) there is a group
>> that has some fantastic teachers of this kind of dance. There is a teacher
>> in Ithaca as well. I currently practice this kind of dance. I would love it
>> if one of these teachers could come and give a workshop here.
>>
>>
>>
>> There is a wonderful Buddhist monastery in town – Namgyal monastery (
>> http://www.namgyal.org/). The Dalai Lama comes sometimes. It is an
>> important place. There are a number of practices that involve sacred art
>> practiced by these Tibetan Buddhists, notably sand mandalas. I would love it
>> if we could get some monks to come and build a mandala here, or simply to
>> come and talk.
>>
>>
>>
>> Who is the theater? Sarah, Ben, Lauren. I have a play! I’m not going to
>> direct it. The whole point of this play is for someone else to put it
>> on…it’s really challenging.
>>
>> RA Lauren: Think about putting it up for play proposal next semester.
>>
>> Abe: would require lots of rooms, logistics, creativity. Was originally
>> designed for a theater in SanFran plus a three story building and a bus. But
>> it could happen here! Why not! Life is beautiful. I’m very open to things
>> being reworked, as a writer. Might just hand you a script and walk away…
>>
>>
>>
>> TL;DR email Abe at burickson@yahoo.com if you are interested in any of
>> the projects mentioned above.
>>
>>
>> ANNOUNCEMENTS.
>>
>>
>>
>> Kommittee elections are coming up woo! Referendum is happening Weds Thurs
>> Friday. Tonight is the last night to say you want to run for a position.
>> There will be 8 members at large, ministr of letters (woo) and the
>> propagandist.
>>
>> Members at Large Nominees:
>>
>> 1. Benji Lehman
>>
>> 2. Kim Adams
>>
>> 3. Clover Bobker
>>
>> 4. Adam Romero
>>
>> 5. Spencer Whale (? that can't be right...OR IS IT)
>>
>> 6. Danny Bernstein
>>
>> 7. Miles Ludek
>>
>> 8.
>>
>> 9.
>>
>> 10. {Whoops. Would one of you lovely Monster ladies kindly forward the
>> missing bits of this list to everyone?}
>>
>> 11.
>>
>> 12.
>>
>> 13.
>>
>> 14.
>>
>> 15. Sarah Longchamp
>>
>>
>>
>> Minister of Letters nominees:
>>
>> 1. Roskolnikov
>>
>> 2. Miles Ludek and Kerry Pinnisi (two headed monster)
>>
>>
>>
>> Propagandist:
>>
>> 1. Dinophone
>>
>> 2. Nolan Poulin and Clover Bobker (two headed monster)
>>
>>
>>
>> RA Lauren: there are extra-curKommitteeular responsibilities as
>> Propagandist, so I think it is beneficial to have two people.
>>
>>
>>
>> Keep your eyes out for the table outside of dining, Weds Thurs Friday this
>> week.
>>
>>
>>
>> Note: you can run for more than one position, but you cannot accept more
>> than one.
>>
>>
>>
>> Next Kommittee we will be reading the winners of the election. Your
>> positions will be effective immediately after that announcement. El
>> Presidente for Life nominations will be accepted at that point as well.
>>
>>
>>
>> Please send blurbs about who you are and why you want to run to the
>> listserve if you are running, especially if it is for a contested position.
>>
>>
>> *I, KERRY, WANT TO RUN AS HALF OF THE MINISTER OF LETTERS BECAUSE I THINK
>> IT IS FUN TO DO. PLEASE SEE ABOVE AND BELOW FOR AN EXAMPLE OF MY WORK.*
>>
>>
>>
>> Julia: let’s email all those blurbs to Nolan, the Propagandist, at NIP4,
>> so he can condense and properly publish them by midnight on Monday (THAT’S
>> TOMORROW! When Monday turns into Tuesday, that is.)
>>
>>
>>
>> The RisArchivist is a position that is by appointment, not by election. We
>> really need someone who knows where things are! Jeff was the last archivist
>> (even though we never actually appointed him), but he graduated.
>>
>> Jeff: The role of the archivist is actually rather ambiguous.  We will be
>> pursuing getting the archives into the RisLibrary. They are responsible for
>> managing and organizing the Archives – a room in the Mezzanine (above
>> dining) where documents from the last 40 years or so of Risley history are
>> stored. See Charter for official definition (
>> http://risley.org/pages/kommittee/archives/Charter041810.pdf). You must
>> have a recommendation from Jeff (JTD34), talk to him. This could be
>> potentially a two- or three-headed monster, lots of work involved.
>>
>>
>>
>> Camilla: Hi! I’m an RA from McLLU (the Multicultural Living and Learning
>> Unit, another program house on campus). We want to get involved with Risley
>> and do programs together. We want to do a bus trip to NYC to see the
>> Broadway show Fela. Critically acclaimed. Want to see a matinee Nov. 13.
>> This would involve Ujamaa as well as Risley and McLLU. We want to make this
>> as affordable as possible. We also want to give you some time to enjoy the
>> city after the show. Currently we’re looking at $20-$30 for the trip and
>> ticket (which is mad cheap, get up on this)! Look for further info on the
>> listserve. Email me at KAA55 with questions, comments or interest.
>>
>> RHD Lauren: If you want to be McLLU’s connection point for this project,
>> please contact me or Camilla.
>>
>>
>>
>> Ben: We are seeking a Risley Webmaster to put new, fresh, cool content on
>> the Risley webpage! Email me at BMW39 if you are interested.
>>
>>
>>
>> Abe: I keep mentioning grants..they’re also for students, student
>> organizations, projects, etc. The deadline is soon, and there’s a lot you
>> have to do – come talk to me right away if you want info about how to get
>> money to do what you want to do!
>>
>>  OTHER BUSINESS.
>>
>>
>>
>> Approval of last week’s minutes.
>>
>> Acclaimed. Yay thanks.
>>
>>
>>
>> Masquerave: Whitney is our program coordinator, Nate is our coordinating
>> RA, but we need also a finalized subcommittee and a theme BY THE END OF THIS
>> WEEK. There will be an email going out by the end of tomorrow looking for
>> people to coordinate the three front rooms and Tammany. Think about if you
>> want to design a themed room.
>>
>> RA Lauren: anyone who is currently a junior or younger, please consider
>> working with Whitney, so there will be someone next year who knows how to do
>> it…
>>
>>
>> ALLOCATIONS:
>>
>>
>>
>> Molly: $90 for 200 ft of jewelry wire for jewelry shop. Want extra so
>> people can mess around and get really creative!
>>
>> Acclaimed.
>>
>>
>>
>> RHD Lauren: Kommittee should have snacks! $30 for snacks next week.
>>
>> Audrey: That’s a lot of money…
>>
>> Chorus: It will go back into the budget if she goes under.
>>
>> Audrey: What kind of snacks were you going to bring?
>>
>> RHD Lauren: Was looking for suggestions. This allocation could also last a
>> few Kommittees.
>>
>> RA Lauren calls to question.
>>
>> Calling to question LOUDLY ACCLAIMED.
>>
>> Hand vote:
>>
>> 26 in favor, 2 nay, 1 Abstain.
>>
>> Acclaimed. LINING YOUR OWN POCKETS EH KOMMITTEE?
>>
>>
>>
>> Miles: We want to make a book scanner! Mostly we need digital cameras and
>> some hardware to hold a book. This can also be used as a single page
>> scanner. We would like $300.
>>
>> Brandon: Is there an intellectual property concern if we are Risley
>> funding scanning copies of books?
>>
>> Ben: We’re scanning artwork! Also, just possessing a scanner is not
>> illegal. Also, we mostly want to scan Archives.
>> Jeff: Is this going to automatically turn the pages for you?
>> Ben: Sorry, no robot to do your bidding, lazypants.
>>
>> Nate: You mentioned camera/cameras…what kind?
>>
>> Ben: Two cameras, Powershot AE480, $75 each, 10 megapixels each.
>>
>> Clover: Motion to call to question.
>>
>> Nate: This is going to be a long Kommittee, but we could use discussion on
>> this important issue. FAMOUS LAST WORDS.
>>
>> RHD Lauren: Let’s give Abe a chance to speak too, as he is a writer.
>>
>> Motion to call to question denied. The Nays were loud enough, sorry
>> Charter.
>>
>> Abe: About copyright. Since this is a university, an educational
>> institution, for our use here we can scan and copy any book we want and it
>> will fall under the FAIR USE CLAUSE (I fought the law and the…law won!) As
>> long as we’re using it for educational purposes.
>>
>> Adam: Would it be cheaper and easier to buy a scanner?
>>
>> Ben: A flatbed scanner wouldn’t do it for us, and an actual scanner is way
>> too expensive.
>>
>> Ben: The budget currently has $2405.06 unallocated.
>>
>> Molly: Are there any cameras that Risley already owns that we could use?
>>
>> Ben: It’s better to have matched pairs.
>>
>> Audrey: Why do we need two?
>> Ben: It’s angled in such a way to do two pages at once.
>>
>> Nate: Two cheap cameras ($90)…we could lend them to people in the
>> building. Dual use allocation. Can we call to question?
>>
>> Sally: comment on calling to question: Where’s the other $150 going?
>>
>> Ben: Cables, SD card, two by fours, washers, nuts, MDF, clamp lamps,
>> lighting, acrylic. We’ve consulted with the woodshop re: building the frame
>> and we decided it was best to have our own $ for it.
>>
>> Motion called to question.
>>
>> Motion passes. Book scanner exists! (as a twinkle in Miles's and Ben's
>> eye..)
>>
>>
>>
>> Brendan, CLR, poetry group: Colin’s poetry group is great! 5:00-6:00
>> Saturdays, CLR
>>
>> Julia: Then we go to dinner afterwards!
>>
>> Acclaimed.
>>
>>
>>
>> Bennett: Following up on things we allocated for last year, that we voted
>> in favor of, but didn’t follow through on – still want to get…
>>
>>
>>
>> $300 for a dance studio mat. We currently have one but the existing mat is
>> too small. Also Kerry is allergic to it.
>>
>> Gabriel: This money has not been subtracted from the budget even though we
>> already allocated it?
>>
>> Ben: It is not in any way reflected in our budget.
>>
>> RHD Lauren: This was allocated in 2009-2010 budget. This money did roll
>> back in. This is basically a new allocation.
>>
>> Alan: Is it necessary to cover the entire floor with a single mat?
>>
>> Ben: not the entire floor, but we have only one mat…if you wanted to do
>> e.g. throws, then you can really only have 1 practicing pair. This is
>> insufficient.
>>
>> Acclaimed.
>>
>>
>>
>> Tom, $100, rags for the print shop.
>>
>> Nolan: Are there specific rags or can we just find some old shirts?
>>
>> Ben: He is going to buy them locally in bulk, they will last forever.
>>
>> Jim: Are we still talking about this? Oh, I was recently in the print
>> shop, and they really do use A LOT of rags, like really, and you need a
>> special kind not to hurt your press or the print.
>>
>> Sarah: Were these rags part of last week’s print shop allocation?
>>
>> Ben: No.
>>
>> Acclaimed.
>>
>>
>>
>> $30 for Bananagrams. Everyone loves this game, we wanted two sets.
>>
>> Adam: What is Banagrams?
>> Ben: A fun scrabble-like game that comes in a banana!
>>
>> Monster calls to question due to distress.
>>
>> Acclaimed.
>>
>>
>>
>> Abe: Applying to Cornell Council to the Arts. The production cost for
>> Odyssey Works NYC production in April is $4,736. I would like $3,000 from
>> Cornell grant, and I’m going to try to raise about $1,100 from donors. I’m
>> going to ask for $600 from Risley Kommittee.
>>
>> Bennett: So you said this is happening in April. So this is a lot of money
>> now. We haven’t gotten money from Rocky Horror yet. Can this wait?
>>
>> Abe: No, because the application to CCA is due on the 20th of this month.
>> I don’t NEED the money now, but I need to know that I CAN have it.
>>
>> Jeff: 1. How much is the other allocation? I’m worried about running low
>> on $$...on the other hand, I know they (grant givers) like to see that
>> people have bought into this.
>>
>> Ben: we’re currently at $1675.06.
>>
>> Jeff: So that’s 2/3 of our budget. ($600 plus forthcoming $400 allocation
>> from Abe).
>>
>> Julia: Have we allocated for MRave and Rocky yet?
>>
>> RA Lauren: Yes, but we have not yet allocated for cultural dinners or
>> RisThanksgiving.
>>
>> Jeff: Is that $500 that will be left going to last us? Are there other
>> planned allocations?
>>
>> RA Lauren: Yes, me. I’ll be asking for $168 dollars.
>>
>> Benji: Given that Abe said he doesn’t actually need to USE the money
>> before April, i.e. after Rocky and MRave, I feel as though this isn’t as
>> risky as it seems and it is furthering our RisMission. I support this.
>>
>> Abe: Yes, most of the money for this will need to be used after January.
>>
>> Nolan: Will we be able to nominally be in the red (i.e. spend the money we
>> allocate for Abe here, before we get our MRave money)?
>> Ben: BTW we’ve never spent more than $200 on a non-traditional program.
>>
>> Audrey: The most our budget ever was was $6,000…this is a lot of money.
>>
>> Sarah L.: Even though I can see how it would be technically possible to
>> use the money that’s been allocated, unless we have the ability to back out
>> of that allocation, that is a really good way to run ourselves into debt.
>> This is how Wall Street crashed and burned.
>>
>> RA Lauren: Have you asked for money from TSub? They have a separate
>> budget. Also MRave, even though it earned $600, spent $800, was a net $200
>> loss.
>>
>> Gabriel: Is there something in Charter that would allow us to “make a
>> pledge”?
>>
>> Ben: No.
>>
>> Gabriel: Also, these grant people want to see that we’re putting in
>> money…Risley’s kind of in a similar position, worrying about whether the
>> grant will come through.
>>
>> Abe: Every grant wants to know you’ve gotten a grant from somewhere else…
>>
>> Courtney: Would it make sense to allocate a portion of what you’re asking
>> for, so you can say you’re being supported and we’ll give you the other half
>> later if we can?
>> Abe: It’s possible.
>>
>> Nolan: The $6000 we had last year was due in large part to the proceeds
>> from Dr. Horrible’s Sing Along Blog.
>>
>> Benji: Actually no. That went into TSub’s budget.
>>
>> Nolan: Also we were told that we were going to lose our money if we didn’t
>> spent it – hence came the foam swords.
>>
>> Jeff: We have $45/student x 600 members (I think)
>>
>> Ben: Last semester we started with $11,000, we cut off $2,500 to feed the
>> AIRs. The Spring is very different from the fall because there are no more
>> big expensive programs.
>>
>> Jeff: Can we even allocate money to spend next semester?
>>
>> Ben: Not sure.
>>
>> Sarah: When are these grants due? Could this wait until after TSub meets
>> next week?
>>
>> Abe: Grants are due next Monday. So no.
>>
>> Abe: How much is in TSub’s budget?
>>
>> Benji: About $2000.
>>
>> Sarah: We have upcoming in-house products, and we also don’t know how much
>> we’re going to spend on rewiring (a huge project).
>>
>> Kerry: This could quell spontaneous programming.
>>
>> RA Lauren/RHD Lauren Dual-Brained Entity: Can we just bend the rules and
>> pretend we’re allocating out of next semester’s budget?
>>
>> New motion: $600 from next semester’s budget.
>>
>> Audrey: I want to point out that he hasn’t quite finished describing what
>> the motion is for.
>> Abe: I’ve only spoken about the first motion, which is this $600 for the
>> 24 hour piece (with Odyssey Works - the show for the audience of one) that
>> will happen in NYC (and Ithaca). The funding is for transportation and
>> bringing artists (including maybe you) in to work with us. Rental space,
>> materials, costuming, food. Funds also for documentation, DVDs etc. The full
>> budget (the whole grant) includes money for me to give a presentation on the
>> work we did.
>>
>> Ben: What else could we be doing with this money? Lots of things we could
>> get for the building that would last for a long time that we would not be
>> able to do, spontaneous programming, etc.
>>
>> Abe: This performance will only happen once in the universe, and this is
>> the only chance that I’ll have to do this in NYC, and probably the only
>> chance you’ll have to do this.
>>
>> Sarah L.: I would say that again, I’m not really comfortable with
>> promising money for next semester unless we’re either 100% sure we’re going
>> to have the money, or we have some sort of exit clause on it.
>>
>> Molly: The point of doing it next semester is that we’ll start with a
>> fresh budget then.
>>
>> Jeff: I am really nervous about allocating money for next semester. Seems
>> like it’s setting a dangerous precedent, which I know we don’t have now –
>> and it’s definitely bending the rules. I would rather spend money now.
>>
>> RA Lauren: We won’t actually be spending this money now anyway.
>> Additionally, it might be beneficial to table this motion.
>>
>> Abe: That means it would be discussed next week…that will be difficult
>> because the deadline is the next day.
>>
>> RA Lauren: OK, no tabling.
>>
>> Adam: If we allocated this money now, and then didn’t spend it for a long
>> time, would our budget be operating as if it had $600 or $1600?
>>
>> Brendan: Things of this sort are sort of why Risley exists, no? To foster
>> this sort of art? (Hear Hear)
>>
>> Kaiya: Motion to call to question.
>>
>> Jeff: What is the actual motion right now?
>>
>> Molly: $600 out of next semester’s budget.
>>
>> 11 yes,  8 opposed, 10 abstain.
>>
>> We need to vote to divide the house. If the motion to divide the house
>> does not pass by a simple majority, the motion fails.
>>
>> 20 in favor to divide the house, 4 opposed, 2 abstain.
>>
>> The house is divided. [Abe leaves the room]
>>
>> 13 in favor, 16 against. Motion fails.
>>
>> Adam: Now he can revise it to ask for a different amount of money.
>>
>> Abe: I revise my motion to $300 for this semester.
>>
>> Jeff: I’m glad it’s coming out of this semester. This could affect voting.
>>
>> Spencer: Risley involvement with this project seems scant. It might be
>> hard for students to be available at all because it’s happening over Spring
>> Break, and there’s no audience.
>>
>> Abe: The piece will involve a large number of artists, and there will be a
>> transportation system to get to NYC, and a portion will happen in Ithaca,
>> quite possibly in Ithaca. My intention is to get as many artists involved as
>> possible (Kerry: the audience is the artist, in some sense, perhaps?) There
>> might also be something happening in the theater.
>>
>> Jeff: Any AIR that wants to support the arts and RisCommunity deserves our
>> support. (HEAR HEAR!)
>> Ben: Motion to call to question.
>>
>> 28 in favor, 2 opposed
>>
>> Motion is called to question. $300 this semester.
>>
>> 26 in favor, 2 opposed, 3 abstain.
>>
>> $300 passes. Clap clap clap.
>>
>>
>>
>> EVERYONE GETS A RISPURITY POINT FOR ATTENDING A 2 HOUR KOMMITTEE!! RHD
>> Lauren’s first one!
>>
>>
>> Gabriel: If TSub allocates lots for him, can we get money back?
>>
>> Sally: Money not spent goes back to the budget.
>>
>>
>>
>> Abe: I promise never to do this to you all again. No more purity points on
>> my account.
>>
>> (General Laughter).
>>
>>
>>
>> Abe: The budget for this second piece, which is the “audio tour” (see
>> above), called Odyssey in a Box. Want to create 5 different tours on one day
>> in the city, leaving at staggered times. I want an allocation from this
>> semester, to be spent this semester. This involves recording and playback
>> elements. Want to have voice actors, people who work with sound – want to do
>> it in the recording studio. Then there is the actual object – a box. A
>> beautiful box that gives an air of mystery, Alice in Wonderlandesque. This
>> allocation would primarily be for the creation of these boxes. The full
>> budget is about $1500. The request is $400. About a quarter of the piece
>> will involve Risley folk. The items in the box will be an MP3 player, toy
>> binoculars, 1 day metro card, tote bag, some other various objects.
>> $111.25/box (about). 10 boxes = 5 tours. There’s also a rental of a hotel
>> room, and trips to New York (hopefully including Risleyites to take the
>> tour).
>>
>> Adam: Risleyites would be doing the voice recording, making the boxes
>> themselves, who actually takes the tours?
>>
>> Abe: They’re open to the public. Risleyites could go. Obviously there is a
>> limited number that can go each day.
>>
>> Adam: Is there any way that we could make this a “rental experience” and
>> make some money back off of this? Advertise it as a couple's experience?
>>
>> Abe: I don’t want to allocate based on profits I don’t yet know about. But
>> – the rental of the room – the boxes could be at the Cornell Club, and
>> patrons there could rent the boxes/experience for $50/day, a portion of
>> which could very reasonably come back to Risley.
>>
>> Bennett: This is an awesome project idea, I love that Risleyites will be
>> involved, but what I see us getting from the money is $400 for making sure
>> the project happens and so we can be involved. That feels expensive for our
>> buck.
>>
>> Audrey: Is there any way that you could move the project an audio tour of
>> Ithaca?
>>
>> Gabriel: We are technically a city.
>>
>> Abe: I’ve already begun work on this, so no. I could add students
>> (Risleyites) working on an audio tour of Risley, though. If we did this as a
>> downloadable MP3 it would cost nothing. Wanted to see how many people were
>> getting involved in the first proposed piece, then allocate for that next
>> semester.
>>
>> Gabriel: I agree with Audrey. Risley is supposed to be supporting the
>> arts, but doing these off-location projects adds so much expense. I also
>> think we have or can make some of the things you want on your list. Doing
>> things that way, rather than just spending money, has our own residents
>> crafting, which is part of the goal we support. How much of that have you
>> thought about? I don’t think we have time to talk about that tonight. Also:
>> there are 10 people that can do this per day, right? The overhead for that
>> “audience” is a large ratio.
>>
>> Abe: It can go on for years – hundreds and hundreds of people can take the
>> tour.
>>
>> Gabriel: There should also be a discussion about where these are kept, and
>> who owns them, and who gets the “renting” profits? I’d like to think Risley
>> would own them.
>>
>> Molly: Can we move the discussion away from “can you rewrite your grant”?
>> They’re all great ideas but that’s not a reasonable request.
>>
>> Sally: Motion to call to question.
>>
>> 22 in favor, 5 against, 5 abstain.
>>
>> Motion is called to question.
>>
>> Voting on $400 for Odyssey in a Box.
>>
>> 12 in favor, 7 against, 10 abstain.
>>
>> Motion to divide the house.
>>
>> 27 in favor, 1 against, 1 abstain.
>>
>> THIS IS WHY WE NEED SNACKS.
>>
>> The house is divided. Voting on $400 for Abe.
>>
>> 19 in favor, 11 against, 1 (RA exercising the Switzerland clause)
>> abstention.
>>
>> Motion fails.
>>
>> Abe: If I lowered it to $300 would that change anyone’s mind?
>>
>> Abe: Motion to vote on $300.
>>
>> 20 in favor, 9 against, 2 abstain.
>>
>> Motion passes. CLAPCLAPCLAP.
>>
>>
>>
>> RA Lauren: $300 for Risley Thanksgiving. This is something we usually do.
>> This is a program held on Thanksgiving Day. Students cook and eat together.
>> For everyone in the Risley community who stays for Thanksgiving. You can
>> bring a guest if you pay in advance (LLC People, Isaac’s Dad, etc.). We
>> usually feed 40+ people.
>>
>> Acclaimed.
>>
>>
>>
>> Ben: Sundays 3-4 Dance Studio for Kali (martial arts)
>>
>> Acclaimedreallyfast
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> OTHER OTHER BUSINESS.
>>
>>
>>
>> None.
>>
>> THEME FOR NEXT KOMMITTEE. Raise your hand if you need a snack Kommittee.
>>
>> SECRET AGENDA. It’s not so much a purity point as it is a couple’s
>> experience.
>>
>> (Well played, Kate.)(I think it was Kate.)
>>
>>
>>
>
>
part}
part{ ID: 3, Content-type: text/html
Non-text part: text/html
part}
part}
body}
message}
message{ id:AANLkTik=H8qRxpVhc3G2WQ+xnNosrxWcT6k7oi+dF=vR@mail.gmail.com depth:3 match:1 excluded:0 filename:/home/tlevine/safe/maildir/cold/thomas.levine@gmail.com/Risley Hall/cur/1342935191_0.29203.desk,U=5982,FMD5=0053d1416f3d0bfa6a572fa31ce7c0ec:2,S
header{
Silviana Russo <str38@cornell.edu> (2010-09-13) (inbox)
Subject: Re: KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR SEPTEMBER THE 12, 2010: FIRE MARSHALL LOVE/WOLVES ON A PLANE KOMMITTEE
From: Silviana Russo <str38@cornell.edu>
To: Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu>
Cc: Audrey Sutton <ars286@cornell.edu>, risleyhall-l <risleyhall-l@cornell.edu>
Date: Mon, 13 Sep 2010 07:25:43 -0400
header}
body{
part{ ID: 1, Content-type: multipart/alternative
part{ ID: 2, Content-type: text/plain
Audrey is right.  Since they are running unopposed, they automatically
accept that position, so there is no point in putting them on the ballot for
members at large.


On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 7:17 AM, Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu> wrote:

> Actually, charter rules as follows:
>
> "Note: you can run for more than one position, but you cannot accept more
> than one."
>
> Love,
> Kerry
>
> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 4:12 AM, Audrey Sutton <ars286@cornell.edu> wrote:
>
>> I am one of the people running as a member at large.
>> I would also like to point out that it was brought up in meeting that
>> because they are running unopposed for other positions and you can only have
>> one position, both Clover and Miles are not in the running for members at
>> large.
>> ~Audrey Sutton 248
>>
>> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 1:17 AM, Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu> wrote:
>>
>>> I apologize, but due to the sheer length of the minutes combined with my
>>> drugged (antihistamine) state, there may be an unusual number of errors in
>>> tonight's minutes. Please, if anything (no matter how small) is incorrect,
>>> email the listserve directly (ideally, "reply all"). Thanks, lots of love,
>>> your Minister of Letters.
>>>
>>>
>>> KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR SEPTEMBER THE 12, 2010
>>> THEME: FIRE MARSHALL LOVE/WOLVES ON A PLANE KOMMITTEE
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Clarification: Is it endured members or members-at-large that can vote in
>>> the upcoming election? It is endured members, i.e., all members! P.S. As it
>>> is the third meeting of Kommittee, welcome new (officially) endured members!
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Also: Long Kommittee is long. To expidite long Kommittee, let us know if
>>> you want to be removed from a list of speakers when we are doing comments or
>>> questions. Use the cancellation gesture of your choice.
>>>
>>> (FAMOUS LAST WORDS..)
>>>
>>> INSIDE GROUPS SEEKING MUSIC ROOM:
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> None.
>>>
>>> OUTSIDE GROUPS:
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Sabor Latino, 9-11 Sunday Nights
>>>
>>> Sally: Do they already have time?
>>>
>>> Ben: No.
>>>
>>> Acclaimed.
>>>
>>>
>>>  GV REPORT – We have $2525.06! We got the $7/ head!
>>>
>>> Can we buy $.06 worth of penny candy?
>>> -       Risquirer – Emily Walker
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Ben: Has anyone seen the Bananagrams?
>>>
>>> Kerry: I bought a set myself! Let me know if you want to play with me J
>>>
>>>
>>> RHD LAUREN REPORT
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Hot off the press!
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Approached by Bob Lieberman, who wants to bring back Liebermania.
>>> However, there will be some caveats this year. Liebermania is a weekly or
>>> bi-monthly series for dinner in Tammany. Bob Lieberman brings in speakers on
>>> various topics, and we eat dinner from dining. (people not on meal plan can
>>> get bonused in by Bob!) This was phased out before because the staff had too
>>> much to handle, but shouldn’t be too much for one or a few interested
>>> students to run. Speak to RHD Lauren (LDE27) if you are interested in being
>>> the student coordinator of this, or with RA Julia (JER76) to hear about her
>>> experience running the program before.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> RE  card access for non-Risleyites using our space: We have maxxed out
>>> on the number of people we can allow temporary access. This is being looked
>>> into. Currently, we cannot give access to non-Risleyites to the Dance Studio
>>> because there is no separation door between the dance studio and the living
>>> area of the building.
>>>
>>> Gabriel: Can’t we get card access for only limited hours?
>>>
>>> RHD Lauren: They’re supposed to have a host.
>>>
>>> Gabriel: That’s a lot of responsibility for one random Risleyite who’s
>>> not actually in the group in question.
>>>
>>> Dan: Maybe a representative from the club could be let in by the RA on
>>> call, or a resident, and then that representative would let in the rest of
>>> their group members?
>>>
>>> RA Lauren: There’s a difference between giving a single person card
>>> access, and turning off card access to the doors for everyone. What we’ve
>>> done in the past is turn off the card access to the theater door, and then
>>> have people rely on residents if they need to get from the theater foyer
>>> into the dance studio.
>>>
>>> Sarah: To reduce the amount of people with access to living quarters and
>>> to make it simpler, would we be able to find a suitable facility in the
>>> outside non-living quarters layer, to which to relocate outside groups?
>>>
>>> Gabriel: The great hall is a similar sized space.
>>>
>>> Sally: A bunch of these are actually dance groups, which will need the
>>> mirror, ability to tap dance, etc. Also, with the great hall, it’s harder to
>>> let people to use them. Could we get them Shabbat keys? Physical keys? Might
>>> be a solution?
>>>
>>> RHD Lauren: We just really don’t want people who don’t live in the
>>> building to have access to the living quarters.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> RHD Lauren: TV meeting (meeting about getting a new TV) Sept. 21 at 3:00
>>> in the TVR, come one come all, voice opinions to facilities
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Certain individuals have been hanging things on pipes, NO NO BAD BAD FIRE
>>> HAZARD
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Please use website that Carolina sent out to log things on Wegmans.com if
>>> you want to do RisBrunch or Eat This, etc. Other food purchases. (address?)
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Life Drawing has been put on hold due to legal issues…business
>>> services…health and safety management…legally, the person who is modeling
>>> has to be legal to pose nude in all fifty states. Also, they need to be on
>>> CU payroll to be paid. I just got a call saying Life Drawing cannot
>>> happen…this week, we will have clothed models or still life. I’m working on
>>> it, emailing everybody and your mom, etc.
>>>
>>> Kerry: Assuming people volunteer to pose for free, and are 18, can they
>>> model?
>>>
>>> RHD Lauren: Not nude, not this week.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> THE KOMMITTEE STICK OF POWER HAS FALLEN, AIIE
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> RA LAUREN REPORT.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Tammany happened! Open Mic Night ruuuled, hellz yeah.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> There are still open weekends in the Tammany schedule, contact LRW45 if
>>> you’d like to bring a group into Tammany.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> This is Lauren, this is no one else.
>>>
>>>
>>> There has been some concern that the listserve has been overutilized,
>>> especially regarding carshare, trips, etc. I think we could find a better
>>> way to do things, like busses, taxis…we could create a rideshare bulletin
>>> board.
>>>
>>>
>>> RA JULIA REPORT.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Faculty Fellow dinners have started with Antonia (5:30 Mondays) and Tom
>>> Hill (5:00 Friday). You go, you eat, you sit, you hang out, you learn
>>> things. If you’re not on meal plan they can bonus you in (eat for free!).
>>> Ask the dining staff for the sign-in list.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Also working on a bus trip to the Bodies exhibit in NYC this November. It
>>> will be a one-day trip. Will probably be a limited number of seats.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Julia got a hair cut! Boy howdy, but she does look purdy.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Ahh, a spider!
>>>
>>> RA NATE REPORT.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> I haven’t heard back from Cornell EMS yet. Will harass them with vigor
>>> this week.
>>>
>>>
>>> Thanks to everyone who has signed up to Eat This and RisBrunch.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> We are helping out with Edgemoor’s Haunted House this year. Very shortly,
>>> I will be seeking out volunteers: actors, techies, etc. A 5-room haunted
>>> house with the theme of Tiki Terror this year.
>>>
>>> RA SALLY REPORT.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> The shops have been doing lots of open shops, programming, etc. Go check
>>> them out!
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Working on Life Drawing snafu as well.
>>>
>>> RA KERRY REPORT.
>>>
>>>
>>> Meditation will start next Sunday at noon in my room.
>>>
>>>
>>> Come to Naked Improv open rehearsal, Sundays from 6-8 in the CLR.
>>>
>>>
>>> Organizing the logistics for a new program, Sex on the Table, has begun.
>>> This will be a "Liebermania-esque" program, in that we will eat dinner in
>>> Tammany while listening to a speaker. These speakers will be experts in
>>> various sex, sexuality, gender, LGBTQ, etc. etc. areas. Stay tuned. Email me
>>> if you would like to get involved, KLP46.
>>>
>>>
>>> AIR REPORTS.
>>> CAROLINA:
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Far far away.
>>>
>>>
>>> ABE:
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Hi I’m Abe! I feel like I’ve been introducing myself a lot…here I am
>>> again. I got a lot to say, get comfortable.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Let’s alternate between small and big (that’s what she said)
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> I’ve come all the way from San Francisco. Looking forward to working with
>>> all of you guys! I’d like to sort of feel you out, see what your reactions
>>> are to some of my programming ideas. I came here with two major projects in
>>> mind for my tenure as Artist in Residence. On top of being a writer, I also
>>> have a performance group called Odyssey works. Essentially a
>>> cross-discipline experimental…thingything. Mostly San Fran based. We produce
>>> very unusual performances, where instead of artists developing something out
>>> of their own inspiration, we create using our audience as the inspiration,
>>> which means that the whole group of artists together will study the audience
>>> member, understand what affects that person, and create a show for them. A
>>> little bit like a love poem. I work with a huge range of different types of
>>> artists: writers, dancers, musicians, psychotherapists, composers, etc. etc.
>>> The result tends to be a 24 hour performance for an audience of one. I want
>>> to collaborate with artists in Ithaca and NYC to perform Odyssey works.
>>> Maybe some of you are interested? There will be need for artists of all
>>> types, especially actors, musicians, dancers – you name it. I will be giving
>>> a presentation about my work, film and discussion, get more in depth about
>>> it.  This could be something that happens at ZombieLiebermania. My major
>>> work is going to be this piece, which will happen in April of 2011. It will
>>> involve an intensive over Spring Break. Let me know if you are interested in
>>> getting involved.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> CCA Grants are due in a week, in the process of putting together my
>>> application, budget, etc.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Display cases: I have an idea for dems! I’ve long dreamt of this…(who
>>> hasn’t?) Actually I already have several in my house in San Fran…A
>>> Fantastical Anthropology of Everyday Objects! Perhaps you could donate a
>>> comb, a sock, a key – write a page and a half of the history, real or
>>> imagined, of that object. (We’re interested!)
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Email me at burickson@yahoo.com if you are interested in any of my work,
>>> or about anything that’s on your mind.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> The other main work I want to accomplish this semester will be called
>>> Odyssey in a Box. Has anyone ever heard of the work of Janet Kardof (sp?)
>>> There are a few people out there today that are already doing work that
>>> borders on what this is. This essentially would be like an audio tour, like
>>> what you find in museums. But – this takes it a step towards theater. The
>>> walking audio tour is combined with the radio play, adding an element of the
>>> poetic. I’ll be developing a two-person audio tour called Odyssey in a Box.
>>> I need to get grant money first…Essentially, two people will walk into a
>>> hotel room in NYC, they will see a sign that says “at 10:00 am, press play
>>> on this MP3 player”…a voice will say “look at your partner. We’ll call your
>>> partner Pat. Look long and hard at Pat. Can you memorize Pat’s face? Because
>>> you may never see him again…” and more. Then you will be led to some
>>> maps…etc…directions…this is the beginning of a 6-hour experience – at
>>> certain times you might see Pat again – exploring the city throughout the
>>> day. Exploring distance vs. contact. I will need voice actors, and people
>>> who are good at recording. Email or otherwise contact me if you are
>>> interested in participating in some way.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> I want everything I do – my entire life – and yours too…to sound like a
>>> movie.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Does anybody like experimental minimalized atonal sound, art, and music?
>>> Is there a facility here for us to spend some time listening to sounds?
>>> (Tammany!) We could listen to the sound of feet on gravel in Tazmania…or
>>> Beethoven’s 9th slowed down. Listening parties.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> The reading series. I’ve been talking with Will Cordiero a lot…he misses
>>> us and we miss him…so he might come back and do a reading! I’ve also been
>>> talking to a lot of MFA students. Many are amazing writers.  We could
>>> combine a Risley poet as an opener to an invited poet, or another kind of
>>> writer. I want to bring in MFA students, professors, writers from NYC
>>> (famous ones?).
>>>
>>> Julia: There is a massive RisPoetry group that is forming, I will put you
>>> in touch with one another.
>>>
>>> Contact me if you’d like to do some reading.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> I’m really excited to be here because I have access now to some great
>>> resources in terms of sacred art. In and near Ithaca, there are at least two
>>> and maybe three things I would like to tap into if I can. I’ve spoken to one
>>> of these groups, but not yet the other two..There is a woman here who is a
>>> Whirling Dervish, who teaches Whirling. She has been given permission by the
>>> Order to teach. If people would be interested in having a Whirling workshop,
>>> let me know. Whirling Dervishes are an order of Sufis, Sufism is the
>>> mystical branch of Islam, there are many practices involved, the most
>>> important of which is Zichar (sp?), the chanting of the nine names of G*d,
>>> the Samah (sp?) is “audition” or “hearing” – all about art. Listening to
>>> poetry, or music, or dance. The Whirling is dance. The aesthetic experience
>>> approaches the divine. It is powerful and fascinating. I practiced this
>>> myself, though I no longer do. Hopefully we could use the dance studio, and
>>> hopefully make it open to non-Risleyites. Hopefully someone out there will
>>> work with me on this? Please contact me or push people my way if you think
>>> they’d like it.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> The Sacred Dance of Gurja. (missed name) is a spiritual teacher from the
>>> first half of the twentieth century. He learned a lot of sacred dances, many
>>> of them Sufi, and developed his own sacred dancing. Similar to Whirling in
>>> some way, but unique. Also a kind of meditative dance. An encoding of
>>> emotional and spiritual data. In Rochester (or near it) there is a group
>>> that has some fantastic teachers of this kind of dance. There is a teacher
>>> in Ithaca as well. I currently practice this kind of dance. I would love it
>>> if one of these teachers could come and give a workshop here.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> There is a wonderful Buddhist monastery in town – Namgyal monastery (
>>> http://www.namgyal.org/). The Dalai Lama comes sometimes. It is an
>>> important place. There are a number of practices that involve sacred art
>>> practiced by these Tibetan Buddhists, notably sand mandalas. I would love it
>>> if we could get some monks to come and build a mandala here, or simply to
>>> come and talk.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Who is the theater? Sarah, Ben, Lauren. I have a play! I’m not going to
>>> direct it. The whole point of this play is for someone else to put it
>>> on…it’s really challenging.
>>>
>>> RA Lauren: Think about putting it up for play proposal next semester.
>>>
>>> Abe: would require lots of rooms, logistics, creativity. Was originally
>>> designed for a theater in SanFran plus a three story building and a bus. But
>>> it could happen here! Why not! Life is beautiful. I’m very open to things
>>> being reworked, as a writer. Might just hand you a script and walk away…
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> TL;DR email Abe at burickson@yahoo.com if you are interested in any of
>>> the projects mentioned above.
>>>
>>>
>>> ANNOUNCEMENTS.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Kommittee elections are coming up woo! Referendum is happening Weds Thurs
>>> Friday. Tonight is the last night to say you want to run for a position.
>>> There will be 8 members at large, ministr of letters (woo) and the
>>> propagandist.
>>>
>>> Members at Large Nominees:
>>>
>>> 1. Benji Lehman
>>>
>>> 2. Kim Adams
>>>
>>> 3. Clover Bobker
>>>
>>> 4. Adam Romero
>>>
>>> 5. Spencer Whale (? that can't be right...OR IS IT)
>>>
>>> 6. Danny Bernstein
>>>
>>> 7. Miles Ludek
>>>
>>> 8.
>>>
>>> 9.
>>>
>>> 10. {Whoops. Would one of you lovely Monster ladies kindly forward the
>>> missing bits of this list to everyone?}
>>>
>>> 11.
>>>
>>> 12.
>>>
>>> 13.
>>>
>>> 14.
>>>
>>> 15. Sarah Longchamp
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Minister of Letters nominees:
>>>
>>> 1. Roskolnikov
>>>
>>> 2. Miles Ludek and Kerry Pinnisi (two headed monster)
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Propagandist:
>>>
>>> 1. Dinophone
>>>
>>> 2. Nolan Poulin and Clover Bobker (two headed monster)
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> RA Lauren: there are extra-curKommitteeular responsibilities as
>>> Propagandist, so I think it is beneficial to have two people.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Keep your eyes out for the table outside of dining, Weds Thurs Friday
>>> this week.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Note: you can run for more than one position, but you cannot accept more
>>> than one.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Next Kommittee we will be reading the winners of the election. Your
>>> positions will be effective immediately after that announcement. El
>>> Presidente for Life nominations will be accepted at that point as well.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Please send blurbs about who you are and why you want to run to the
>>> listserve if you are running, especially if it is for a contested position.
>>>
>>>
>>> *I, KERRY, WANT TO RUN AS HALF OF THE MINISTER OF LETTERS BECAUSE I THINK
>>> IT IS FUN TO DO. PLEASE SEE ABOVE AND BELOW FOR AN EXAMPLE OF MY WORK.*
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Julia: let’s email all those blurbs to Nolan, the Propagandist, at NIP4,
>>> so he can condense and properly publish them by midnight on Monday (THAT’S
>>> TOMORROW! When Monday turns into Tuesday, that is.)
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> The RisArchivist is a position that is by appointment, not by election.
>>> We really need someone who knows where things are! Jeff was the last
>>> archivist (even though we never actually appointed him), but he graduated.
>>>
>>> Jeff: The role of the archivist is actually rather ambiguous.  We will
>>> be pursuing getting the archives into the RisLibrary. They are responsible
>>> for managing and organizing the Archives – a room in the Mezzanine (above
>>> dining) where documents from the last 40 years or so of Risley history are
>>> stored. See Charter for official definition (
>>> http://risley.org/pages/kommittee/archives/Charter041810.pdf). You must
>>> have a recommendation from Jeff (JTD34), talk to him. This could be
>>> potentially a two- or three-headed monster, lots of work involved.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Camilla: Hi! I’m an RA from McLLU (the Multicultural Living and Learning
>>> Unit, another program house on campus). We want to get involved with Risley
>>> and do programs together. We want to do a bus trip to NYC to see the
>>> Broadway show Fela. Critically acclaimed. Want to see a matinee Nov. 13.
>>> This would involve Ujamaa as well as Risley and McLLU. We want to make this
>>> as affordable as possible. We also want to give you some time to enjoy the
>>> city after the show. Currently we’re looking at $20-$30 for the trip and
>>> ticket (which is mad cheap, get up on this)! Look for further info on the
>>> listserve. Email me at KAA55 with questions, comments or interest.
>>>
>>> RHD Lauren: If you want to be McLLU’s connection point for this project,
>>> please contact me or Camilla.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Ben: We are seeking a Risley Webmaster to put new, fresh, cool content on
>>> the Risley webpage! Email me at BMW39 if you are interested.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Abe: I keep mentioning grants..they’re also for students, student
>>> organizations, projects, etc. The deadline is soon, and there’s a lot you
>>> have to do – come talk to me right away if you want info about how to get
>>> money to do what you want to do!
>>>
>>>  OTHER BUSINESS.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Approval of last week’s minutes.
>>>
>>> Acclaimed. Yay thanks.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Masquerave: Whitney is our program coordinator, Nate is our coordinating
>>> RA, but we need also a finalized subcommittee and a theme BY THE END OF THIS
>>> WEEK. There will be an email going out by the end of tomorrow looking for
>>> people to coordinate the three front rooms and Tammany. Think about if you
>>> want to design a themed room.
>>>
>>> RA Lauren: anyone who is currently a junior or younger, please consider
>>> working with Whitney, so there will be someone next year who knows how to do
>>> it…
>>>
>>>
>>> ALLOCATIONS:
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Molly: $90 for 200 ft of jewelry wire for jewelry shop. Want extra so
>>> people can mess around and get really creative!
>>>
>>> Acclaimed.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> RHD Lauren: Kommittee should have snacks! $30 for snacks next week.
>>>
>>> Audrey: That’s a lot of money…
>>>
>>> Chorus: It will go back into the budget if she goes under.
>>>
>>> Audrey: What kind of snacks were you going to bring?
>>>
>>> RHD Lauren: Was looking for suggestions. This allocation could also last
>>> a few Kommittees.
>>>
>>> RA Lauren calls to question.
>>>
>>> Calling to question LOUDLY ACCLAIMED.
>>>
>>> Hand vote:
>>>
>>> 26 in favor, 2 nay, 1 Abstain.
>>>
>>> Acclaimed. LINING YOUR OWN POCKETS EH KOMMITTEE?
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Miles: We want to make a book scanner! Mostly we need digital cameras and
>>> some hardware to hold a book. This can also be used as a single page
>>> scanner. We would like $300.
>>>
>>> Brandon: Is there an intellectual property concern if we are Risley
>>> funding scanning copies of books?
>>>
>>> Ben: We’re scanning artwork! Also, just possessing a scanner is not
>>> illegal. Also, we mostly want to scan Archives.
>>> Jeff: Is this going to automatically turn the pages for you?
>>> Ben: Sorry, no robot to do your bidding, lazypants.
>>>
>>> Nate: You mentioned camera/cameras…what kind?
>>>
>>> Ben: Two cameras, Powershot AE480, $75 each, 10 megapixels each.
>>>
>>> Clover: Motion to call to question.
>>>
>>> Nate: This is going to be a long Kommittee, but we could use discussion
>>> on this important issue. FAMOUS LAST WORDS.
>>>
>>> RHD Lauren: Let’s give Abe a chance to speak too, as he is a writer.
>>>
>>> Motion to call to question denied. The Nays were loud enough, sorry
>>> Charter.
>>>
>>> Abe: About copyright. Since this is a university, an educational
>>> institution, for our use here we can scan and copy any book we want and it
>>> will fall under the FAIR USE CLAUSE (I fought the law and the…law won!) As
>>> long as we’re using it for educational purposes.
>>>
>>> Adam: Would it be cheaper and easier to buy a scanner?
>>>
>>> Ben: A flatbed scanner wouldn’t do it for us, and an actual scanner is
>>> way too expensive.
>>>
>>> Ben: The budget currently has $2405.06 unallocated.
>>>
>>> Molly: Are there any cameras that Risley already owns that we could use?
>>>
>>> Ben: It’s better to have matched pairs.
>>>
>>> Audrey: Why do we need two?
>>> Ben: It’s angled in such a way to do two pages at once.
>>>
>>> Nate: Two cheap cameras ($90)…we could lend them to people in the
>>> building. Dual use allocation. Can we call to question?
>>>
>>> Sally: comment on calling to question: Where’s the other $150 going?
>>>
>>> Ben: Cables, SD card, two by fours, washers, nuts, MDF, clamp lamps,
>>> lighting, acrylic. We’ve consulted with the woodshop re: building the frame
>>> and we decided it was best to have our own $ for it.
>>>
>>> Motion called to question.
>>>
>>> Motion passes. Book scanner exists! (as a twinkle in Miles's and Ben's
>>> eye..)
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Brendan, CLR, poetry group: Colin’s poetry group is great! 5:00-6:00
>>> Saturdays, CLR
>>>
>>> Julia: Then we go to dinner afterwards!
>>>
>>> Acclaimed.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Bennett: Following up on things we allocated for last year, that we voted
>>> in favor of, but didn’t follow through on – still want to get…
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> $300 for a dance studio mat. We currently have one but the existing mat
>>> is too small. Also Kerry is allergic to it.
>>>
>>> Gabriel: This money has not been subtracted from the budget even though
>>> we already allocated it?
>>>
>>> Ben: It is not in any way reflected in our budget.
>>>
>>> RHD Lauren: This was allocated in 2009-2010 budget. This money did roll
>>> back in. This is basically a new allocation.
>>>
>>> Alan: Is it necessary to cover the entire floor with a single mat?
>>>
>>> Ben: not the entire floor, but we have only one mat…if you wanted to do
>>> e.g. throws, then you can really only have 1 practicing pair. This is
>>> insufficient.
>>>
>>> Acclaimed.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Tom, $100, rags for the print shop.
>>>
>>> Nolan: Are there specific rags or can we just find some old shirts?
>>>
>>> Ben: He is going to buy them locally in bulk, they will last forever.
>>>
>>> Jim: Are we still talking about this? Oh, I was recently in the print
>>> shop, and they really do use A LOT of rags, like really, and you need a
>>> special kind not to hurt your press or the print.
>>>
>>> Sarah: Were these rags part of last week’s print shop allocation?
>>>
>>> Ben: No.
>>>
>>> Acclaimed.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> $30 for Bananagrams. Everyone loves this game, we wanted two sets.
>>>
>>> Adam: What is Banagrams?
>>> Ben: A fun scrabble-like game that comes in a banana!
>>>
>>> Monster calls to question due to distress.
>>>
>>> Acclaimed.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Abe: Applying to Cornell Council to the Arts. The production cost for
>>> Odyssey Works NYC production in April is $4,736. I would like $3,000 from
>>> Cornell grant, and I’m going to try to raise about $1,100 from donors. I’m
>>> going to ask for $600 from Risley Kommittee.
>>>
>>> Bennett: So you said this is happening in April. So this is a lot of
>>> money now. We haven’t gotten money from Rocky Horror yet. Can this wait?
>>>
>>> Abe: No, because the application to CCA is due on the 20th of this
>>> month. I don’t NEED the money now, but I need to know that I CAN have it.
>>>
>>> Jeff: 1. How much is the other allocation? I’m worried about running low
>>> on $$...on the other hand, I know they (grant givers) like to see that
>>> people have bought into this.
>>>
>>> Ben: we’re currently at $1675.06.
>>>
>>> Jeff: So that’s 2/3 of our budget. ($600 plus forthcoming $400 allocation
>>> from Abe).
>>>
>>> Julia: Have we allocated for MRave and Rocky yet?
>>>
>>> RA Lauren: Yes, but we have not yet allocated for cultural dinners or
>>> RisThanksgiving.
>>>
>>> Jeff: Is that $500 that will be left going to last us? Are there other
>>> planned allocations?
>>>
>>> RA Lauren: Yes, me. I’ll be asking for $168 dollars.
>>>
>>> Benji: Given that Abe said he doesn’t actually need to USE the money
>>> before April, i.e. after Rocky and MRave, I feel as though this isn’t as
>>> risky as it seems and it is furthering our RisMission. I support this.
>>>
>>> Abe: Yes, most of the money for this will need to be used after January.
>>>
>>> Nolan: Will we be able to nominally be in the red (i.e. spend the money
>>> we allocate for Abe here, before we get our MRave money)?
>>> Ben: BTW we’ve never spent more than $200 on a non-traditional program.
>>>
>>> Audrey: The most our budget ever was was $6,000…this is a lot of money.
>>>
>>> Sarah L.: Even though I can see how it would be technically possible to
>>> use the money that’s been allocated, unless we have the ability to back out
>>> of that allocation, that is a really good way to run ourselves into debt.
>>> This is how Wall Street crashed and burned.
>>>
>>> RA Lauren: Have you asked for money from TSub? They have a separate
>>> budget. Also MRave, even though it earned $600, spent $800, was a net $200
>>> loss.
>>>
>>> Gabriel: Is there something in Charter that would allow us to “make a
>>> pledge”?
>>>
>>> Ben: No.
>>>
>>> Gabriel: Also, these grant people want to see that we’re putting in
>>> money…Risley’s kind of in a similar position, worrying about whether the
>>> grant will come through.
>>>
>>> Abe: Every grant wants to know you’ve gotten a grant from somewhere else…
>>>
>>> Courtney: Would it make sense to allocate a portion of what you’re asking
>>> for, so you can say you’re being supported and we’ll give you the other half
>>> later if we can?
>>> Abe: It’s possible.
>>>
>>> Nolan: The $6000 we had last year was due in large part to the proceeds
>>> from Dr. Horrible’s Sing Along Blog.
>>>
>>> Benji: Actually no. That went into TSub’s budget.
>>>
>>> Nolan: Also we were told that we were going to lose our money if we
>>> didn’t spent it – hence came the foam swords.
>>>
>>> Jeff: We have $45/student x 600 members (I think)
>>>
>>> Ben: Last semester we started with $11,000, we cut off $2,500 to feed the
>>> AIRs. The Spring is very different from the fall because there are no more
>>> big expensive programs.
>>>
>>> Jeff: Can we even allocate money to spend next semester?
>>>
>>> Ben: Not sure.
>>>
>>> Sarah: When are these grants due? Could this wait until after TSub meets
>>> next week?
>>>
>>> Abe: Grants are due next Monday. So no.
>>>
>>> Abe: How much is in TSub’s budget?
>>>
>>> Benji: About $2000.
>>>
>>> Sarah: We have upcoming in-house products, and we also don’t know how
>>> much we’re going to spend on rewiring (a huge project).
>>>
>>> Kerry: This could quell spontaneous programming.
>>>
>>> RA Lauren/RHD Lauren Dual-Brained Entity: Can we just bend the rules and
>>> pretend we’re allocating out of next semester’s budget?
>>>
>>> New motion: $600 from next semester’s budget.
>>>
>>> Audrey: I want to point out that he hasn’t quite finished describing what
>>> the motion is for.
>>> Abe: I’ve only spoken about the first motion, which is this $600 for the
>>> 24 hour piece (with Odyssey Works - the show for the audience of one) that
>>> will happen in NYC (and Ithaca). The funding is for transportation and
>>> bringing artists (including maybe you) in to work with us. Rental space,
>>> materials, costuming, food. Funds also for documentation, DVDs etc. The full
>>> budget (the whole grant) includes money for me to give a presentation on the
>>> work we did.
>>>
>>> Ben: What else could we be doing with this money? Lots of things we could
>>> get for the building that would last for a long time that we would not be
>>> able to do, spontaneous programming, etc.
>>>
>>> Abe: This performance will only happen once in the universe, and this is
>>> the only chance that I’ll have to do this in NYC, and probably the only
>>> chance you’ll have to do this.
>>>
>>> Sarah L.: I would say that again, I’m not really comfortable with
>>> promising money for next semester unless we’re either 100% sure we’re going
>>> to have the money, or we have some sort of exit clause on it.
>>>
>>> Molly: The point of doing it next semester is that we’ll start with a
>>> fresh budget then.
>>>
>>> Jeff: I am really nervous about allocating money for next semester. Seems
>>> like it’s setting a dangerous precedent, which I know we don’t have now –
>>> and it’s definitely bending the rules. I would rather spend money now.
>>>
>>> RA Lauren: We won’t actually be spending this money now anyway.
>>> Additionally, it might be beneficial to table this motion.
>>>
>>> Abe: That means it would be discussed next week…that will be difficult
>>> because the deadline is the next day.
>>>
>>> RA Lauren: OK, no tabling.
>>>
>>> Adam: If we allocated this money now, and then didn’t spend it for a long
>>> time, would our budget be operating as if it had $600 or $1600?
>>>
>>> Brendan: Things of this sort are sort of why Risley exists, no? To foster
>>> this sort of art? (Hear Hear)
>>>
>>> Kaiya: Motion to call to question.
>>>
>>> Jeff: What is the actual motion right now?
>>>
>>> Molly: $600 out of next semester’s budget.
>>>
>>> 11 yes,  8 opposed, 10 abstain.
>>>
>>> We need to vote to divide the house. If the motion to divide the house
>>> does not pass by a simple majority, the motion fails.
>>>
>>> 20 in favor to divide the house, 4 opposed, 2 abstain.
>>>
>>> The house is divided. [Abe leaves the room]
>>>
>>> 13 in favor, 16 against. Motion fails.
>>>
>>> Adam: Now he can revise it to ask for a different amount of money.
>>>
>>> Abe: I revise my motion to $300 for this semester.
>>>
>>> Jeff: I’m glad it’s coming out of this semester. This could affect
>>> voting.
>>>
>>> Spencer: Risley involvement with this project seems scant. It might be
>>> hard for students to be available at all because it’s happening over Spring
>>> Break, and there’s no audience.
>>>
>>> Abe: The piece will involve a large number of artists, and there will be
>>> a transportation system to get to NYC, and a portion will happen in Ithaca,
>>> quite possibly in Ithaca. My intention is to get as many artists involved as
>>> possible (Kerry: the audience is the artist, in some sense, perhaps?) There
>>> might also be something happening in the theater.
>>>
>>> Jeff: Any AIR that wants to support the arts and RisCommunity deserves
>>> our support. (HEAR HEAR!)
>>> Ben: Motion to call to question.
>>>
>>> 28 in favor, 2 opposed
>>>
>>> Motion is called to question. $300 this semester.
>>>
>>> 26 in favor, 2 opposed, 3 abstain.
>>>
>>> $300 passes. Clap clap clap.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> EVERYONE GETS A RISPURITY POINT FOR ATTENDING A 2 HOUR KOMMITTEE!! RHD
>>> Lauren’s first one!
>>>
>>>
>>> Gabriel: If TSub allocates lots for him, can we get money back?
>>>
>>> Sally: Money not spent goes back to the budget.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Abe: I promise never to do this to you all again. No more purity points
>>> on my account.
>>>
>>> (General Laughter).
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Abe: The budget for this second piece, which is the “audio tour” (see
>>> above), called Odyssey in a Box. Want to create 5 different tours on one day
>>> in the city, leaving at staggered times. I want an allocation from this
>>> semester, to be spent this semester. This involves recording and playback
>>> elements. Want to have voice actors, people who work with sound – want to do
>>> it in the recording studio. Then there is the actual object – a box. A
>>> beautiful box that gives an air of mystery, Alice in Wonderlandesque. This
>>> allocation would primarily be for the creation of these boxes. The full
>>> budget is about $1500. The request is $400. About a quarter of the piece
>>> will involve Risley folk. The items in the box will be an MP3 player, toy
>>> binoculars, 1 day metro card, tote bag, some other various objects.
>>> $111.25/box (about). 10 boxes = 5 tours. There’s also a rental of a hotel
>>> room, and trips to New York (hopefully including Risleyites to take the
>>> tour).
>>>
>>> Adam: Risleyites would be doing the voice recording, making the boxes
>>> themselves, who actually takes the tours?
>>>
>>> Abe: They’re open to the public. Risleyites could go. Obviously there is
>>> a limited number that can go each day.
>>>
>>> Adam: Is there any way that we could make this a “rental experience” and
>>> make some money back off of this? Advertise it as a couple's experience?
>>>
>>> Abe: I don’t want to allocate based on profits I don’t yet know about.
>>> But – the rental of the room – the boxes could be at the Cornell Club, and
>>> patrons there could rent the boxes/experience for $50/day, a portion of
>>> which could very reasonably come back to Risley.
>>>
>>> Bennett: This is an awesome project idea, I love that Risleyites will be
>>> involved, but what I see us getting from the money is $400 for making sure
>>> the project happens and so we can be involved. That feels expensive for our
>>> buck.
>>>
>>> Audrey: Is there any way that you could move the project an audio tour of
>>> Ithaca?
>>>
>>> Gabriel: We are technically a city.
>>>
>>> Abe: I’ve already begun work on this, so no. I could add students
>>> (Risleyites) working on an audio tour of Risley, though. If we did this as a
>>> downloadable MP3 it would cost nothing. Wanted to see how many people were
>>> getting involved in the first proposed piece, then allocate for that next
>>> semester.
>>>
>>> Gabriel: I agree with Audrey. Risley is supposed to be supporting the
>>> arts, but doing these off-location projects adds so much expense. I also
>>> think we have or can make some of the things you want on your list. Doing
>>> things that way, rather than just spending money, has our own residents
>>> crafting, which is part of the goal we support. How much of that have you
>>> thought about? I don’t think we have time to talk about that tonight. Also:
>>> there are 10 people that can do this per day, right? The overhead for that
>>> “audience” is a large ratio.
>>>
>>> Abe: It can go on for years – hundreds and hundreds of people can take
>>> the tour.
>>>
>>> Gabriel: There should also be a discussion about where these are kept,
>>> and who owns them, and who gets the “renting” profits? I’d like to think
>>> Risley would own them.
>>>
>>> Molly: Can we move the discussion away from “can you rewrite your grant”?
>>> They’re all great ideas but that’s not a reasonable request.
>>>
>>> Sally: Motion to call to question.
>>>
>>> 22 in favor, 5 against, 5 abstain.
>>>
>>> Motion is called to question.
>>>
>>> Voting on $400 for Odyssey in a Box.
>>>
>>> 12 in favor, 7 against, 10 abstain.
>>>
>>> Motion to divide the house.
>>>
>>> 27 in favor, 1 against, 1 abstain.
>>>
>>> THIS IS WHY WE NEED SNACKS.
>>>
>>> The house is divided. Voting on $400 for Abe.
>>>
>>> 19 in favor, 11 against, 1 (RA exercising the Switzerland clause)
>>> abstention.
>>>
>>> Motion fails.
>>>
>>> Abe: If I lowered it to $300 would that change anyone’s mind?
>>>
>>> Abe: Motion to vote on $300.
>>>
>>> 20 in favor, 9 against, 2 abstain.
>>>
>>> Motion passes. CLAPCLAPCLAP.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> RA Lauren: $300 for Risley Thanksgiving. This is something we usually do.
>>> This is a program held on Thanksgiving Day. Students cook and eat together.
>>> For everyone in the Risley community who stays for Thanksgiving. You can
>>> bring a guest if you pay in advance (LLC People, Isaac’s Dad, etc.). We
>>> usually feed 40+ people.
>>>
>>> Acclaimed.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Ben: Sundays 3-4 Dance Studio for Kali (martial arts)
>>>
>>> Acclaimedreallyfast
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> OTHER OTHER BUSINESS.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> None.
>>>
>>> THEME FOR NEXT KOMMITTEE. Raise your hand if you need a snack Kommittee.
>>>
>>> SECRET AGENDA. It’s not so much a purity point as it is a couple’s
>>> experience.
>>>
>>> (Well played, Kate.)(I think it was Kate.)
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>
>>
>
part}
part{ ID: 3, Content-type: text/html
Non-text part: text/html
part}
part}
body}
message}
message{ id:AANLkTi=n3Tr__SK7S8qOwXdUF+OUcgGS3in67AXDpdb-@mail.gmail.com depth:4 match:1 excluded:0 filename:/home/tlevine/safe/maildir/cold/thomas.levine@gmail.com/Risley Hall/cur/1342935197_0.29203.desk,U=5983,FMD5=0053d1416f3d0bfa6a572fa31ce7c0ec:2,S
header{
Clover Bobker <crb89@cornell.edu> (2010-09-13) (inbox)
Subject: Re: KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR SEPTEMBER THE 12, 2010: FIRE MARSHALL LOVE/WOLVES ON A PLANE KOMMITTEE
From: Clover Bobker <crb89@cornell.edu>
To: Silviana Russo <str38@cornell.edu>
Cc: Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu>, Audrey Sutton <ars286@cornell.edu>, risleyhall-l <risleyhall-l@cornell.edu>
Date: Mon, 13 Sep 2010 08:57:50 -0400
header}
body{
part{ ID: 1, Content-type: multipart/alternative
part{ ID: 2, Content-type: text/plain
You never know, Dinophone may win. But yes, you may remove me from Members
at Large, Kerry. <3

On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 7:25 AM, Silviana Russo <str38@cornell.edu> wrote:

> Audrey is right.  Since they are running unopposed, they automatically
> accept that position, so there is no point in putting them on the ballot for
> members at large.
>
>
> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 7:17 AM, Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu> wrote:
>
>> Actually, charter rules as follows:
>>
>> "Note: you can run for more than one position, but you cannot accept more
>> than one."
>>
>> Love,
>> Kerry
>>
>> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 4:12 AM, Audrey Sutton <ars286@cornell.edu>wrote:
>>
>>> I am one of the people running as a member at large.
>>> I would also like to point out that it was brought up in meeting that
>>> because they are running unopposed for other positions and you can only have
>>> one position, both Clover and Miles are not in the running for members at
>>> large.
>>> ~Audrey Sutton 248
>>>
>>> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 1:17 AM, Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu>wrote:
>>>
>>>> I apologize, but due to the sheer length of the minutes combined with my
>>>> drugged (antihistamine) state, there may be an unusual number of errors in
>>>> tonight's minutes. Please, if anything (no matter how small) is incorrect,
>>>> email the listserve directly (ideally, "reply all"). Thanks, lots of love,
>>>> your Minister of Letters.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR SEPTEMBER THE 12, 2010
>>>> THEME: FIRE MARSHALL LOVE/WOLVES ON A PLANE KOMMITTEE
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Clarification: Is it endured members or members-at-large that can vote
>>>> in the upcoming election? It is endured members, i.e., all members! P.S. As
>>>> it is the third meeting of Kommittee, welcome new (officially) endured
>>>> members!
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Also: Long Kommittee is long. To expidite long Kommittee, let us know if
>>>> you want to be removed from a list of speakers when we are doing comments or
>>>> questions. Use the cancellation gesture of your choice.
>>>>
>>>> (FAMOUS LAST WORDS..)
>>>>
>>>> INSIDE GROUPS SEEKING MUSIC ROOM:
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> None.
>>>>
>>>> OUTSIDE GROUPS:
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Sabor Latino, 9-11 Sunday Nights
>>>>
>>>> Sally: Do they already have time?
>>>>
>>>> Ben: No.
>>>>
>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>  GV REPORT – We have $2525.06! We got the $7/ head!
>>>>
>>>> Can we buy $.06 worth of penny candy?
>>>> -       Risquirer – Emily Walker
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Ben: Has anyone seen the Bananagrams?
>>>>
>>>> Kerry: I bought a set myself! Let me know if you want to play with me J
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> RHD LAUREN REPORT
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Hot off the press!
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Approached by Bob Lieberman, who wants to bring back Liebermania.
>>>> However, there will be some caveats this year. Liebermania is a weekly or
>>>> bi-monthly series for dinner in Tammany. Bob Lieberman brings in speakers on
>>>> various topics, and we eat dinner from dining. (people not on meal plan can
>>>> get bonused in by Bob!) This was phased out before because the staff had too
>>>> much to handle, but shouldn’t be too much for one or a few interested
>>>> students to run. Speak to RHD Lauren (LDE27) if you are interested in being
>>>> the student coordinator of this, or with RA Julia (JER76) to hear about her
>>>> experience running the program before.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> RE  card access for non-Risleyites using our space: We have maxxed out
>>>> on the number of people we can allow temporary access. This is being looked
>>>> into. Currently, we cannot give access to non-Risleyites to the Dance Studio
>>>> because there is no separation door between the dance studio and the living
>>>> area of the building.
>>>>
>>>> Gabriel: Can’t we get card access for only limited hours?
>>>>
>>>> RHD Lauren: They’re supposed to have a host.
>>>>
>>>> Gabriel: That’s a lot of responsibility for one random Risleyite who’s
>>>> not actually in the group in question.
>>>>
>>>> Dan: Maybe a representative from the club could be let in by the RA on
>>>> call, or a resident, and then that representative would let in the rest of
>>>> their group members?
>>>>
>>>> RA Lauren: There’s a difference between giving a single person card
>>>> access, and turning off card access to the doors for everyone. What we’ve
>>>> done in the past is turn off the card access to the theater door, and then
>>>> have people rely on residents if they need to get from the theater foyer
>>>> into the dance studio.
>>>>
>>>> Sarah: To reduce the amount of people with access to living quarters and
>>>> to make it simpler, would we be able to find a suitable facility in the
>>>> outside non-living quarters layer, to which to relocate outside groups?
>>>>
>>>> Gabriel: The great hall is a similar sized space.
>>>>
>>>> Sally: A bunch of these are actually dance groups, which will need the
>>>> mirror, ability to tap dance, etc. Also, with the great hall, it’s harder to
>>>> let people to use them. Could we get them Shabbat keys? Physical keys? Might
>>>> be a solution?
>>>>
>>>> RHD Lauren: We just really don’t want people who don’t live in the
>>>> building to have access to the living quarters.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> RHD Lauren: TV meeting (meeting about getting a new TV) Sept. 21 at 3:00
>>>> in the TVR, come one come all, voice opinions to facilities
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Certain individuals have been hanging things on pipes, NO NO BAD BAD
>>>> FIRE HAZARD
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Please use website that Carolina sent out to log things on Wegmans.com
>>>> if you want to do RisBrunch or Eat This, etc. Other food purchases.
>>>> (address?)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Life Drawing has been put on hold due to legal issues…business
>>>> services…health and safety management…legally, the person who is modeling
>>>> has to be legal to pose nude in all fifty states. Also, they need to be on
>>>> CU payroll to be paid. I just got a call saying Life Drawing cannot
>>>> happen…this week, we will have clothed models or still life. I’m working on
>>>> it, emailing everybody and your mom, etc.
>>>>
>>>> Kerry: Assuming people volunteer to pose for free, and are 18, can they
>>>> model?
>>>>
>>>> RHD Lauren: Not nude, not this week.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> THE KOMMITTEE STICK OF POWER HAS FALLEN, AIIE
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> RA LAUREN REPORT.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Tammany happened! Open Mic Night ruuuled, hellz yeah.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> There are still open weekends in the Tammany schedule, contact LRW45 if
>>>> you’d like to bring a group into Tammany.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> This is Lauren, this is no one else.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> There has been some concern that the listserve has been overutilized,
>>>> especially regarding carshare, trips, etc. I think we could find a better
>>>> way to do things, like busses, taxis…we could create a rideshare bulletin
>>>> board.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> RA JULIA REPORT.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Faculty Fellow dinners have started with Antonia (5:30 Mondays) and Tom
>>>> Hill (5:00 Friday). You go, you eat, you sit, you hang out, you learn
>>>> things. If you’re not on meal plan they can bonus you in (eat for free!).
>>>> Ask the dining staff for the sign-in list.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Also working on a bus trip to the Bodies exhibit in NYC this November.
>>>> It will be a one-day trip. Will probably be a limited number of seats.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Julia got a hair cut! Boy howdy, but she does look purdy.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Ahh, a spider!
>>>>
>>>> RA NATE REPORT.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> I haven’t heard back from Cornell EMS yet. Will harass them with vigor
>>>> this week.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Thanks to everyone who has signed up to Eat This and RisBrunch.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> We are helping out with Edgemoor’s Haunted House this year. Very
>>>> shortly, I will be seeking out volunteers: actors, techies, etc. A 5-room
>>>> haunted house with the theme of Tiki Terror this year.
>>>>
>>>> RA SALLY REPORT.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> The shops have been doing lots of open shops, programming, etc. Go check
>>>> them out!
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Working on Life Drawing snafu as well.
>>>>
>>>> RA KERRY REPORT.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Meditation will start next Sunday at noon in my room.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Come to Naked Improv open rehearsal, Sundays from 6-8 in the CLR.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Organizing the logistics for a new program, Sex on the Table, has begun.
>>>> This will be a "Liebermania-esque" program, in that we will eat dinner in
>>>> Tammany while listening to a speaker. These speakers will be experts in
>>>> various sex, sexuality, gender, LGBTQ, etc. etc. areas. Stay tuned. Email me
>>>> if you would like to get involved, KLP46.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> AIR REPORTS.
>>>> CAROLINA:
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Far far away.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> ABE:
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Hi I’m Abe! I feel like I’ve been introducing myself a lot…here I am
>>>> again. I got a lot to say, get comfortable.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Let’s alternate between small and big (that’s what she said)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> I’ve come all the way from San Francisco. Looking forward to working
>>>> with all of you guys! I’d like to sort of feel you out, see what your
>>>> reactions are to some of my programming ideas. I came here with two major
>>>> projects in mind for my tenure as Artist in Residence. On top of being a
>>>> writer, I also have a performance group called Odyssey works. Essentially a
>>>> cross-discipline experimental…thingything. Mostly San Fran based. We produce
>>>> very unusual performances, where instead of artists developing something out
>>>> of their own inspiration, we create using our audience as the inspiration,
>>>> which means that the whole group of artists together will study the audience
>>>> member, understand what affects that person, and create a show for them. A
>>>> little bit like a love poem. I work with a huge range of different types of
>>>> artists: writers, dancers, musicians, psychotherapists, composers, etc. etc.
>>>> The result tends to be a 24 hour performance for an audience of one. I want
>>>> to collaborate with artists in Ithaca and NYC to perform Odyssey works.
>>>> Maybe some of you are interested? There will be need for artists of all
>>>> types, especially actors, musicians, dancers – you name it. I will be giving
>>>> a presentation about my work, film and discussion, get more in depth about
>>>> it.  This could be something that happens at ZombieLiebermania. My
>>>> major work is going to be this piece, which will happen in April of 2011. It
>>>> will involve an intensive over Spring Break. Let me know if you are
>>>> interested in getting involved.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> CCA Grants are due in a week, in the process of putting together my
>>>> application, budget, etc.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Display cases: I have an idea for dems! I’ve long dreamt of this…(who
>>>> hasn’t?) Actually I already have several in my house in San Fran…A
>>>> Fantastical Anthropology of Everyday Objects! Perhaps you could donate a
>>>> comb, a sock, a key – write a page and a half of the history, real or
>>>> imagined, of that object. (We’re interested!)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Email me at burickson@yahoo.com if you are interested in any of my
>>>> work, or about anything that’s on your mind.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> The other main work I want to accomplish this semester will be called
>>>> Odyssey in a Box. Has anyone ever heard of the work of Janet Kardof (sp?)
>>>> There are a few people out there today that are already doing work that
>>>> borders on what this is. This essentially would be like an audio tour, like
>>>> what you find in museums. But – this takes it a step towards theater. The
>>>> walking audio tour is combined with the radio play, adding an element of the
>>>> poetic. I’ll be developing a two-person audio tour called Odyssey in a Box.
>>>> I need to get grant money first…Essentially, two people will walk into a
>>>> hotel room in NYC, they will see a sign that says “at 10:00 am, press play
>>>> on this MP3 player”…a voice will say “look at your partner. We’ll call your
>>>> partner Pat. Look long and hard at Pat. Can you memorize Pat’s face? Because
>>>> you may never see him again…” and more. Then you will be led to some
>>>> maps…etc…directions…this is the beginning of a 6-hour experience – at
>>>> certain times you might see Pat again – exploring the city throughout the
>>>> day. Exploring distance vs. contact. I will need voice actors, and people
>>>> who are good at recording. Email or otherwise contact me if you are
>>>> interested in participating in some way.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> I want everything I do – my entire life – and yours too…to sound like a
>>>> movie.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Does anybody like experimental minimalized atonal sound, art, and music?
>>>> Is there a facility here for us to spend some time listening to sounds?
>>>> (Tammany!) We could listen to the sound of feet on gravel in Tazmania…or
>>>> Beethoven’s 9th slowed down. Listening parties.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> The reading series. I’ve been talking with Will Cordiero a lot…he misses
>>>> us and we miss him…so he might come back and do a reading! I’ve also been
>>>> talking to a lot of MFA students. Many are amazing writers.  We could
>>>> combine a Risley poet as an opener to an invited poet, or another kind of
>>>> writer. I want to bring in MFA students, professors, writers from NYC
>>>> (famous ones?).
>>>>
>>>> Julia: There is a massive RisPoetry group that is forming, I will put
>>>> you in touch with one another.
>>>>
>>>> Contact me if you’d like to do some reading.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> I’m really excited to be here because I have access now to some great
>>>> resources in terms of sacred art. In and near Ithaca, there are at least two
>>>> and maybe three things I would like to tap into if I can. I’ve spoken to one
>>>> of these groups, but not yet the other two..There is a woman here who is a
>>>> Whirling Dervish, who teaches Whirling. She has been given permission by the
>>>> Order to teach. If people would be interested in having a Whirling workshop,
>>>> let me know. Whirling Dervishes are an order of Sufis, Sufism is the
>>>> mystical branch of Islam, there are many practices involved, the most
>>>> important of which is Zichar (sp?), the chanting of the nine names of G*d,
>>>> the Samah (sp?) is “audition” or “hearing” – all about art. Listening to
>>>> poetry, or music, or dance. The Whirling is dance. The aesthetic experience
>>>> approaches the divine. It is powerful and fascinating. I practiced this
>>>> myself, though I no longer do. Hopefully we could use the dance studio, and
>>>> hopefully make it open to non-Risleyites. Hopefully someone out there will
>>>> work with me on this? Please contact me or push people my way if you think
>>>> they’d like it.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> The Sacred Dance of Gurja. (missed name) is a spiritual teacher from the
>>>> first half of the twentieth century. He learned a lot of sacred dances, many
>>>> of them Sufi, and developed his own sacred dancing. Similar to Whirling in
>>>> some way, but unique. Also a kind of meditative dance. An encoding of
>>>> emotional and spiritual data. In Rochester (or near it) there is a group
>>>> that has some fantastic teachers of this kind of dance. There is a teacher
>>>> in Ithaca as well. I currently practice this kind of dance. I would love it
>>>> if one of these teachers could come and give a workshop here.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> There is a wonderful Buddhist monastery in town – Namgyal monastery (
>>>> http://www.namgyal.org/). The Dalai Lama comes sometimes. It is an
>>>> important place. There are a number of practices that involve sacred art
>>>> practiced by these Tibetan Buddhists, notably sand mandalas. I would love it
>>>> if we could get some monks to come and build a mandala here, or simply to
>>>> come and talk.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Who is the theater? Sarah, Ben, Lauren. I have a play! I’m not going to
>>>> direct it. The whole point of this play is for someone else to put it
>>>> on…it’s really challenging.
>>>>
>>>> RA Lauren: Think about putting it up for play proposal next semester.
>>>>
>>>> Abe: would require lots of rooms, logistics, creativity. Was originally
>>>> designed for a theater in SanFran plus a three story building and a bus. But
>>>> it could happen here! Why not! Life is beautiful. I’m very open to things
>>>> being reworked, as a writer. Might just hand you a script and walk away…
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> TL;DR email Abe at burickson@yahoo.com if you are interested in any of
>>>> the projects mentioned above.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> ANNOUNCEMENTS.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Kommittee elections are coming up woo! Referendum is happening Weds
>>>> Thurs Friday. Tonight is the last night to say you want to run for a
>>>> position. There will be 8 members at large, ministr of letters (woo) and the
>>>> propagandist.
>>>>
>>>> Members at Large Nominees:
>>>>
>>>> 1. Benji Lehman
>>>>
>>>> 2. Kim Adams
>>>>
>>>> 3. Clover Bobker
>>>>
>>>> 4. Adam Romero
>>>>
>>>> 5. Spencer Whale (? that can't be right...OR IS IT)
>>>>
>>>> 6. Danny Bernstein
>>>>
>>>> 7. Miles Ludek
>>>>
>>>> 8.
>>>>
>>>> 9.
>>>>
>>>> 10. {Whoops. Would one of you lovely Monster ladies kindly forward the
>>>> missing bits of this list to everyone?}
>>>>
>>>> 11.
>>>>
>>>> 12.
>>>>
>>>> 13.
>>>>
>>>> 14.
>>>>
>>>> 15. Sarah Longchamp
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Minister of Letters nominees:
>>>>
>>>> 1. Roskolnikov
>>>>
>>>> 2. Miles Ludek and Kerry Pinnisi (two headed monster)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Propagandist:
>>>>
>>>> 1. Dinophone
>>>>
>>>> 2. Nolan Poulin and Clover Bobker (two headed monster)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> RA Lauren: there are extra-curKommitteeular responsibilities as
>>>> Propagandist, so I think it is beneficial to have two people.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Keep your eyes out for the table outside of dining, Weds Thurs Friday
>>>> this week.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Note: you can run for more than one position, but you cannot accept more
>>>> than one.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Next Kommittee we will be reading the winners of the election. Your
>>>> positions will be effective immediately after that announcement. El
>>>> Presidente for Life nominations will be accepted at that point as well.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Please send blurbs about who you are and why you want to run to the
>>>> listserve if you are running, especially if it is for a contested position.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> *I, KERRY, WANT TO RUN AS HALF OF THE MINISTER OF LETTERS BECAUSE I
>>>> THINK IT IS FUN TO DO. PLEASE SEE ABOVE AND BELOW FOR AN EXAMPLE OF MY
>>>> WORK.*
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Julia: let’s email all those blurbs to Nolan, the Propagandist, at NIP4,
>>>> so he can condense and properly publish them by midnight on Monday (THAT’S
>>>> TOMORROW! When Monday turns into Tuesday, that is.)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> The RisArchivist is a position that is by appointment, not by election.
>>>> We really need someone who knows where things are! Jeff was the last
>>>> archivist (even though we never actually appointed him), but he graduated.
>>>>
>>>> Jeff: The role of the archivist is actually rather ambiguous.  We will
>>>> be pursuing getting the archives into the RisLibrary. They are responsible
>>>> for managing and organizing the Archives – a room in the Mezzanine (above
>>>> dining) where documents from the last 40 years or so of Risley history are
>>>> stored. See Charter for official definition (
>>>> http://risley.org/pages/kommittee/archives/Charter041810.pdf). You must
>>>> have a recommendation from Jeff (JTD34), talk to him. This could be
>>>> potentially a two- or three-headed monster, lots of work involved.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Camilla: Hi! I’m an RA from McLLU (the Multicultural Living and Learning
>>>> Unit, another program house on campus). We want to get involved with Risley
>>>> and do programs together. We want to do a bus trip to NYC to see the
>>>> Broadway show Fela. Critically acclaimed. Want to see a matinee Nov. 13.
>>>> This would involve Ujamaa as well as Risley and McLLU. We want to make this
>>>> as affordable as possible. We also want to give you some time to enjoy the
>>>> city after the show. Currently we’re looking at $20-$30 for the trip and
>>>> ticket (which is mad cheap, get up on this)! Look for further info on the
>>>> listserve. Email me at KAA55 with questions, comments or interest.
>>>>
>>>> RHD Lauren: If you want to be McLLU’s connection point for this project,
>>>> please contact me or Camilla.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Ben: We are seeking a Risley Webmaster to put new, fresh, cool content
>>>> on the Risley webpage! Email me at BMW39 if you are interested.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Abe: I keep mentioning grants..they’re also for students, student
>>>> organizations, projects, etc. The deadline is soon, and there’s a lot you
>>>> have to do – come talk to me right away if you want info about how to get
>>>> money to do what you want to do!
>>>>
>>>>  OTHER BUSINESS.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Approval of last week’s minutes.
>>>>
>>>> Acclaimed. Yay thanks.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Masquerave: Whitney is our program coordinator, Nate is our coordinating
>>>> RA, but we need also a finalized subcommittee and a theme BY THE END OF THIS
>>>> WEEK. There will be an email going out by the end of tomorrow looking for
>>>> people to coordinate the three front rooms and Tammany. Think about if you
>>>> want to design a themed room.
>>>>
>>>> RA Lauren: anyone who is currently a junior or younger, please consider
>>>> working with Whitney, so there will be someone next year who knows how to do
>>>> it…
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> ALLOCATIONS:
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Molly: $90 for 200 ft of jewelry wire for jewelry shop. Want extra so
>>>> people can mess around and get really creative!
>>>>
>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> RHD Lauren: Kommittee should have snacks! $30 for snacks next week.
>>>>
>>>> Audrey: That’s a lot of money…
>>>>
>>>> Chorus: It will go back into the budget if she goes under.
>>>>
>>>> Audrey: What kind of snacks were you going to bring?
>>>>
>>>> RHD Lauren: Was looking for suggestions. This allocation could also last
>>>> a few Kommittees.
>>>>
>>>> RA Lauren calls to question.
>>>>
>>>> Calling to question LOUDLY ACCLAIMED.
>>>>
>>>> Hand vote:
>>>>
>>>> 26 in favor, 2 nay, 1 Abstain.
>>>>
>>>> Acclaimed. LINING YOUR OWN POCKETS EH KOMMITTEE?
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Miles: We want to make a book scanner! Mostly we need digital cameras
>>>> and some hardware to hold a book. This can also be used as a single page
>>>> scanner. We would like $300.
>>>>
>>>> Brandon: Is there an intellectual property concern if we are Risley
>>>> funding scanning copies of books?
>>>>
>>>> Ben: We’re scanning artwork! Also, just possessing a scanner is not
>>>> illegal. Also, we mostly want to scan Archives.
>>>> Jeff: Is this going to automatically turn the pages for you?
>>>> Ben: Sorry, no robot to do your bidding, lazypants.
>>>>
>>>> Nate: You mentioned camera/cameras…what kind?
>>>>
>>>> Ben: Two cameras, Powershot AE480, $75 each, 10 megapixels each.
>>>>
>>>> Clover: Motion to call to question.
>>>>
>>>> Nate: This is going to be a long Kommittee, but we could use discussion
>>>> on this important issue. FAMOUS LAST WORDS.
>>>>
>>>> RHD Lauren: Let’s give Abe a chance to speak too, as he is a writer.
>>>>
>>>> Motion to call to question denied. The Nays were loud enough, sorry
>>>> Charter.
>>>>
>>>> Abe: About copyright. Since this is a university, an educational
>>>> institution, for our use here we can scan and copy any book we want and it
>>>> will fall under the FAIR USE CLAUSE (I fought the law and the…law won!) As
>>>> long as we’re using it for educational purposes.
>>>>
>>>> Adam: Would it be cheaper and easier to buy a scanner?
>>>>
>>>> Ben: A flatbed scanner wouldn’t do it for us, and an actual scanner is
>>>> way too expensive.
>>>>
>>>> Ben: The budget currently has $2405.06 unallocated.
>>>>
>>>> Molly: Are there any cameras that Risley already owns that we could use?
>>>>
>>>> Ben: It’s better to have matched pairs.
>>>>
>>>> Audrey: Why do we need two?
>>>> Ben: It’s angled in such a way to do two pages at once.
>>>>
>>>> Nate: Two cheap cameras ($90)…we could lend them to people in the
>>>> building. Dual use allocation. Can we call to question?
>>>>
>>>> Sally: comment on calling to question: Where’s the other $150 going?
>>>>
>>>> Ben: Cables, SD card, two by fours, washers, nuts, MDF, clamp lamps,
>>>> lighting, acrylic. We’ve consulted with the woodshop re: building the frame
>>>> and we decided it was best to have our own $ for it.
>>>>
>>>> Motion called to question.
>>>>
>>>> Motion passes. Book scanner exists! (as a twinkle in Miles's and Ben's
>>>> eye..)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Brendan, CLR, poetry group: Colin’s poetry group is great! 5:00-6:00
>>>> Saturdays, CLR
>>>>
>>>> Julia: Then we go to dinner afterwards!
>>>>
>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Bennett: Following up on things we allocated for last year, that we
>>>> voted in favor of, but didn’t follow through on – still want to get…
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> $300 for a dance studio mat. We currently have one but the existing mat
>>>> is too small. Also Kerry is allergic to it.
>>>>
>>>> Gabriel: This money has not been subtracted from the budget even though
>>>> we already allocated it?
>>>>
>>>> Ben: It is not in any way reflected in our budget.
>>>>
>>>> RHD Lauren: This was allocated in 2009-2010 budget. This money did roll
>>>> back in. This is basically a new allocation.
>>>>
>>>> Alan: Is it necessary to cover the entire floor with a single mat?
>>>>
>>>> Ben: not the entire floor, but we have only one mat…if you wanted to do
>>>> e.g. throws, then you can really only have 1 practicing pair. This is
>>>> insufficient.
>>>>
>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Tom, $100, rags for the print shop.
>>>>
>>>> Nolan: Are there specific rags or can we just find some old shirts?
>>>>
>>>> Ben: He is going to buy them locally in bulk, they will last forever.
>>>>
>>>> Jim: Are we still talking about this? Oh, I was recently in the print
>>>> shop, and they really do use A LOT of rags, like really, and you need a
>>>> special kind not to hurt your press or the print.
>>>>
>>>> Sarah: Were these rags part of last week’s print shop allocation?
>>>>
>>>> Ben: No.
>>>>
>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> $30 for Bananagrams. Everyone loves this game, we wanted two sets.
>>>>
>>>> Adam: What is Banagrams?
>>>> Ben: A fun scrabble-like game that comes in a banana!
>>>>
>>>> Monster calls to question due to distress.
>>>>
>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Abe: Applying to Cornell Council to the Arts. The production cost for
>>>> Odyssey Works NYC production in April is $4,736. I would like $3,000 from
>>>> Cornell grant, and I’m going to try to raise about $1,100 from donors. I’m
>>>> going to ask for $600 from Risley Kommittee.
>>>>
>>>> Bennett: So you said this is happening in April. So this is a lot of
>>>> money now. We haven’t gotten money from Rocky Horror yet. Can this wait?
>>>>
>>>> Abe: No, because the application to CCA is due on the 20th of this
>>>> month. I don’t NEED the money now, but I need to know that I CAN have it.
>>>>
>>>> Jeff: 1. How much is the other allocation? I’m worried about running low
>>>> on $$...on the other hand, I know they (grant givers) like to see that
>>>> people have bought into this.
>>>>
>>>> Ben: we’re currently at $1675.06.
>>>>
>>>> Jeff: So that’s 2/3 of our budget. ($600 plus forthcoming $400
>>>> allocation from Abe).
>>>>
>>>> Julia: Have we allocated for MRave and Rocky yet?
>>>>
>>>> RA Lauren: Yes, but we have not yet allocated for cultural dinners or
>>>> RisThanksgiving.
>>>>
>>>> Jeff: Is that $500 that will be left going to last us? Are there other
>>>> planned allocations?
>>>>
>>>> RA Lauren: Yes, me. I’ll be asking for $168 dollars.
>>>>
>>>> Benji: Given that Abe said he doesn’t actually need to USE the money
>>>> before April, i.e. after Rocky and MRave, I feel as though this isn’t as
>>>> risky as it seems and it is furthering our RisMission. I support this.
>>>>
>>>> Abe: Yes, most of the money for this will need to be used after January.
>>>>
>>>> Nolan: Will we be able to nominally be in the red (i.e. spend the money
>>>> we allocate for Abe here, before we get our MRave money)?
>>>> Ben: BTW we’ve never spent more than $200 on a non-traditional program.
>>>>
>>>> Audrey: The most our budget ever was was $6,000…this is a lot of money.
>>>>
>>>> Sarah L.: Even though I can see how it would be technically possible to
>>>> use the money that’s been allocated, unless we have the ability to back out
>>>> of that allocation, that is a really good way to run ourselves into debt.
>>>> This is how Wall Street crashed and burned.
>>>>
>>>> RA Lauren: Have you asked for money from TSub? They have a separate
>>>> budget. Also MRave, even though it earned $600, spent $800, was a net $200
>>>> loss.
>>>>
>>>> Gabriel: Is there something in Charter that would allow us to “make a
>>>> pledge”?
>>>>
>>>> Ben: No.
>>>>
>>>> Gabriel: Also, these grant people want to see that we’re putting in
>>>> money…Risley’s kind of in a similar position, worrying about whether the
>>>> grant will come through.
>>>>
>>>> Abe: Every grant wants to know you’ve gotten a grant from somewhere
>>>> else…
>>>>
>>>> Courtney: Would it make sense to allocate a portion of what you’re
>>>> asking for, so you can say you’re being supported and we’ll give you the
>>>> other half later if we can?
>>>> Abe: It’s possible.
>>>>
>>>> Nolan: The $6000 we had last year was due in large part to the proceeds
>>>> from Dr. Horrible’s Sing Along Blog.
>>>>
>>>> Benji: Actually no. That went into TSub’s budget.
>>>>
>>>> Nolan: Also we were told that we were going to lose our money if we
>>>> didn’t spent it – hence came the foam swords.
>>>>
>>>> Jeff: We have $45/student x 600 members (I think)
>>>>
>>>> Ben: Last semester we started with $11,000, we cut off $2,500 to feed
>>>> the AIRs. The Spring is very different from the fall because there are no
>>>> more big expensive programs.
>>>>
>>>> Jeff: Can we even allocate money to spend next semester?
>>>>
>>>> Ben: Not sure.
>>>>
>>>> Sarah: When are these grants due? Could this wait until after TSub meets
>>>> next week?
>>>>
>>>> Abe: Grants are due next Monday. So no.
>>>>
>>>> Abe: How much is in TSub’s budget?
>>>>
>>>> Benji: About $2000.
>>>>
>>>> Sarah: We have upcoming in-house products, and we also don’t know how
>>>> much we’re going to spend on rewiring (a huge project).
>>>>
>>>> Kerry: This could quell spontaneous programming.
>>>>
>>>> RA Lauren/RHD Lauren Dual-Brained Entity: Can we just bend the rules and
>>>> pretend we’re allocating out of next semester’s budget?
>>>>
>>>> New motion: $600 from next semester’s budget.
>>>>
>>>> Audrey: I want to point out that he hasn’t quite finished describing
>>>> what the motion is for.
>>>> Abe: I’ve only spoken about the first motion, which is this $600 for the
>>>> 24 hour piece (with Odyssey Works - the show for the audience of one) that
>>>> will happen in NYC (and Ithaca). The funding is for transportation and
>>>> bringing artists (including maybe you) in to work with us. Rental space,
>>>> materials, costuming, food. Funds also for documentation, DVDs etc. The full
>>>> budget (the whole grant) includes money for me to give a presentation on the
>>>> work we did.
>>>>
>>>> Ben: What else could we be doing with this money? Lots of things we
>>>> could get for the building that would last for a long time that we would not
>>>> be able to do, spontaneous programming, etc.
>>>>
>>>> Abe: This performance will only happen once in the universe, and this is
>>>> the only chance that I’ll have to do this in NYC, and probably the only
>>>> chance you’ll have to do this.
>>>>
>>>> Sarah L.: I would say that again, I’m not really comfortable with
>>>> promising money for next semester unless we’re either 100% sure we’re going
>>>> to have the money, or we have some sort of exit clause on it.
>>>>
>>>> Molly: The point of doing it next semester is that we’ll start with a
>>>> fresh budget then.
>>>>
>>>> Jeff: I am really nervous about allocating money for next semester.
>>>> Seems like it’s setting a dangerous precedent, which I know we don’t have
>>>> now – and it’s definitely bending the rules. I would rather spend money now.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> RA Lauren: We won’t actually be spending this money now anyway.
>>>> Additionally, it might be beneficial to table this motion.
>>>>
>>>> Abe: That means it would be discussed next week…that will be difficult
>>>> because the deadline is the next day.
>>>>
>>>> RA Lauren: OK, no tabling.
>>>>
>>>> Adam: If we allocated this money now, and then didn’t spend it for a
>>>> long time, would our budget be operating as if it had $600 or $1600?
>>>>
>>>> Brendan: Things of this sort are sort of why Risley exists, no? To
>>>> foster this sort of art? (Hear Hear)
>>>>
>>>> Kaiya: Motion to call to question.
>>>>
>>>> Jeff: What is the actual motion right now?
>>>>
>>>> Molly: $600 out of next semester’s budget.
>>>>
>>>> 11 yes,  8 opposed, 10 abstain.
>>>>
>>>> We need to vote to divide the house. If the motion to divide the house
>>>> does not pass by a simple majority, the motion fails.
>>>>
>>>> 20 in favor to divide the house, 4 opposed, 2 abstain.
>>>>
>>>> The house is divided. [Abe leaves the room]
>>>>
>>>> 13 in favor, 16 against. Motion fails.
>>>>
>>>> Adam: Now he can revise it to ask for a different amount of money.
>>>>
>>>> Abe: I revise my motion to $300 for this semester.
>>>>
>>>> Jeff: I’m glad it’s coming out of this semester. This could affect
>>>> voting.
>>>>
>>>> Spencer: Risley involvement with this project seems scant. It might be
>>>> hard for students to be available at all because it’s happening over Spring
>>>> Break, and there’s no audience.
>>>>
>>>> Abe: The piece will involve a large number of artists, and there will be
>>>> a transportation system to get to NYC, and a portion will happen in Ithaca,
>>>> quite possibly in Ithaca. My intention is to get as many artists involved as
>>>> possible (Kerry: the audience is the artist, in some sense, perhaps?) There
>>>> might also be something happening in the theater.
>>>>
>>>> Jeff: Any AIR that wants to support the arts and RisCommunity deserves
>>>> our support. (HEAR HEAR!)
>>>> Ben: Motion to call to question.
>>>>
>>>> 28 in favor, 2 opposed
>>>>
>>>> Motion is called to question. $300 this semester.
>>>>
>>>> 26 in favor, 2 opposed, 3 abstain.
>>>>
>>>> $300 passes. Clap clap clap.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> EVERYONE GETS A RISPURITY POINT FOR ATTENDING A 2 HOUR KOMMITTEE!! RHD
>>>> Lauren’s first one!
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Gabriel: If TSub allocates lots for him, can we get money back?
>>>>
>>>> Sally: Money not spent goes back to the budget.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Abe: I promise never to do this to you all again. No more purity points
>>>> on my account.
>>>>
>>>> (General Laughter).
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Abe: The budget for this second piece, which is the “audio tour” (see
>>>> above), called Odyssey in a Box. Want to create 5 different tours on one day
>>>> in the city, leaving at staggered times. I want an allocation from this
>>>> semester, to be spent this semester. This involves recording and playback
>>>> elements. Want to have voice actors, people who work with sound – want to do
>>>> it in the recording studio. Then there is the actual object – a box. A
>>>> beautiful box that gives an air of mystery, Alice in Wonderlandesque. This
>>>> allocation would primarily be for the creation of these boxes. The full
>>>> budget is about $1500. The request is $400. About a quarter of the piece
>>>> will involve Risley folk. The items in the box will be an MP3 player, toy
>>>> binoculars, 1 day metro card, tote bag, some other various objects.
>>>> $111.25/box (about). 10 boxes = 5 tours. There’s also a rental of a hotel
>>>> room, and trips to New York (hopefully including Risleyites to take the
>>>> tour).
>>>>
>>>> Adam: Risleyites would be doing the voice recording, making the boxes
>>>> themselves, who actually takes the tours?
>>>>
>>>> Abe: They’re open to the public. Risleyites could go. Obviously there is
>>>> a limited number that can go each day.
>>>>
>>>> Adam: Is there any way that we could make this a “rental experience” and
>>>> make some money back off of this? Advertise it as a couple's experience?
>>>>
>>>> Abe: I don’t want to allocate based on profits I don’t yet know about.
>>>> But – the rental of the room – the boxes could be at the Cornell Club, and
>>>> patrons there could rent the boxes/experience for $50/day, a portion of
>>>> which could very reasonably come back to Risley.
>>>>
>>>> Bennett: This is an awesome project idea, I love that Risleyites will be
>>>> involved, but what I see us getting from the money is $400 for making sure
>>>> the project happens and so we can be involved. That feels expensive for our
>>>> buck.
>>>>
>>>> Audrey: Is there any way that you could move the project an audio tour
>>>> of Ithaca?
>>>>
>>>> Gabriel: We are technically a city.
>>>>
>>>> Abe: I’ve already begun work on this, so no. I could add students
>>>> (Risleyites) working on an audio tour of Risley, though. If we did this as a
>>>> downloadable MP3 it would cost nothing. Wanted to see how many people were
>>>> getting involved in the first proposed piece, then allocate for that next
>>>> semester.
>>>>
>>>> Gabriel: I agree with Audrey. Risley is supposed to be supporting the
>>>> arts, but doing these off-location projects adds so much expense. I also
>>>> think we have or can make some of the things you want on your list. Doing
>>>> things that way, rather than just spending money, has our own residents
>>>> crafting, which is part of the goal we support. How much of that have you
>>>> thought about? I don’t think we have time to talk about that tonight. Also:
>>>> there are 10 people that can do this per day, right? The overhead for that
>>>> “audience” is a large ratio.
>>>>
>>>> Abe: It can go on for years – hundreds and hundreds of people can take
>>>> the tour.
>>>>
>>>> Gabriel: There should also be a discussion about where these are kept,
>>>> and who owns them, and who gets the “renting” profits? I’d like to think
>>>> Risley would own them.
>>>>
>>>> Molly: Can we move the discussion away from “can you rewrite your
>>>> grant”? They’re all great ideas but that’s not a reasonable request.
>>>>
>>>> Sally: Motion to call to question.
>>>>
>>>> 22 in favor, 5 against, 5 abstain.
>>>>
>>>> Motion is called to question.
>>>>
>>>> Voting on $400 for Odyssey in a Box.
>>>>
>>>> 12 in favor, 7 against, 10 abstain.
>>>>
>>>> Motion to divide the house.
>>>>
>>>> 27 in favor, 1 against, 1 abstain.
>>>>
>>>> THIS IS WHY WE NEED SNACKS.
>>>>
>>>> The house is divided. Voting on $400 for Abe.
>>>>
>>>> 19 in favor, 11 against, 1 (RA exercising the Switzerland clause)
>>>> abstention.
>>>>
>>>> Motion fails.
>>>>
>>>> Abe: If I lowered it to $300 would that change anyone’s mind?
>>>>
>>>> Abe: Motion to vote on $300.
>>>>
>>>> 20 in favor, 9 against, 2 abstain.
>>>>
>>>> Motion passes. CLAPCLAPCLAP.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> RA Lauren: $300 for Risley Thanksgiving. This is something we usually
>>>> do. This is a program held on Thanksgiving Day. Students cook and eat
>>>> together. For everyone in the Risley community who stays for Thanksgiving.
>>>> You can bring a guest if you pay in advance (LLC People, Isaac’s Dad, etc.).
>>>> We usually feed 40+ people.
>>>>
>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Ben: Sundays 3-4 Dance Studio for Kali (martial arts)
>>>>
>>>> Acclaimedreallyfast
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> OTHER OTHER BUSINESS.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> None.
>>>>
>>>> THEME FOR NEXT KOMMITTEE. Raise your hand if you need a snack Kommittee.
>>>>
>>>> SECRET AGENDA. It’s not so much a purity point as it is a couple’s
>>>> experience.
>>>>
>>>> (Well played, Kate.)(I think it was Kate.)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>
>>>
>>
>
part}
part{ ID: 3, Content-type: text/html
Non-text part: text/html
part}
part}
body}
message}
message{ id:AANLkTi=MV84acqv046mmTZ89xRHZW_EByHcftt-y8Pjb@mail.gmail.com depth:5 match:1 excluded:0 filename:/home/tlevine/safe/maildir/cold/thomas.levine@gmail.com/Risley Hall/cur/1342935231_0.29203.desk,U=5989,FMD5=0053d1416f3d0bfa6a572fa31ce7c0ec:2,S
header{
Carolina Osorio Gil <carolina.osorio.gil@gmail.com> (2010-09-13) (inbox)
Subject: Re: KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR SEPTEMBER THE 12, 2010: FIRE MARSHALL LOVE/WOLVES ON A PLANE KOMMITTEE
From: Carolina Osorio Gil <carolina.osorio.gil@gmail.com>
To: Clover Bobker <crb89@cornell.edu>
Cc: risleyhall-l <risleyhall-l@cornell.edu>
Date: Mon, 13 Sep 2010 14:18:26 -0400
header}
body{
part{ ID: 1, Content-type: multipart/alternative
part{ ID: 2, Content-type: text/plain
HOW TO USE THE WEGMANS SITE TO MAKE SHOPPING LISTS FOR RHD LAUREN:

Hello Risleypeeps:

Firstly,  I am so sorry I didn't make it to Kommittee last night... sounds
like it was a doozy...

Here is a link to the place on the Wegmans site where you can make shopping
lists:
http://www.wegmans.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/ShoppingListsView?storeId=10052&catalogId=10002&langId=-1

It's pretty easy to use, just use the links on the left to navigate around
like you would in the actual supermarket.  You can also type in keywords in
the search box.  If you click on the link that says "Find Your Store" under
the Wegmans logo on the top left of the page, enter your zip code (14850)
and select the Ithaca Wegmans, it will give you prices!  When your list is
complete, you can send it to RHD Lauren and it will tell her what aisle
everythings in!  How awesome is that?!?

You don't need to create an account to do it, just if you want to save your
lists.

Peace,
c

Carolina Osorio Gil '02
Artist in Residence
Risley Residential College
Cornell University

On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 8:57 AM, Clover Bobker <crb89@cornell.edu> wrote:

> You never know, Dinophone may win. But yes, you may remove me from Members
> at Large, Kerry. <3
>
>
> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 7:25 AM, Silviana Russo <str38@cornell.edu> wrote:
>
>> Audrey is right.  Since they are running unopposed, they automatically
>> accept that position, so there is no point in putting them on the ballot for
>> members at large.
>>
>>
>> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 7:17 AM, Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu> wrote:
>>
>>> Actually, charter rules as follows:
>>>
>>> "Note: you can run for more than one position, but you cannot accept
>>> more than one."
>>>
>>> Love,
>>> Kerry
>>>
>>> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 4:12 AM, Audrey Sutton <ars286@cornell.edu>wrote:
>>>
>>>> I am one of the people running as a member at large.
>>>> I would also like to point out that it was brought up in meeting that
>>>> because they are running unopposed for other positions and you can only have
>>>> one position, both Clover and Miles are not in the running for members at
>>>> large.
>>>> ~Audrey Sutton 248
>>>>
>>>> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 1:17 AM, Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu>wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> I apologize, but due to the sheer length of the minutes combined with
>>>>> my drugged (antihistamine) state, there may be an unusual number of errors
>>>>> in tonight's minutes. Please, if anything (no matter how small) is
>>>>> incorrect, email the listserve directly (ideally, "reply all"). Thanks, lots
>>>>> of love, your Minister of Letters.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR SEPTEMBER THE 12, 2010
>>>>> THEME: FIRE MARSHALL LOVE/WOLVES ON A PLANE KOMMITTEE
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Clarification: Is it endured members or members-at-large that can vote
>>>>> in the upcoming election? It is endured members, i.e., all members! P.S. As
>>>>> it is the third meeting of Kommittee, welcome new (officially) endured
>>>>> members!
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Also: Long Kommittee is long. To expidite long Kommittee, let us know
>>>>> if you want to be removed from a list of speakers when we are doing comments
>>>>> or questions. Use the cancellation gesture of your choice.
>>>>>
>>>>> (FAMOUS LAST WORDS..)
>>>>>
>>>>> INSIDE GROUPS SEEKING MUSIC ROOM:
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> None.
>>>>>
>>>>> OUTSIDE GROUPS:
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Sabor Latino, 9-11 Sunday Nights
>>>>>
>>>>> Sally: Do they already have time?
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: No.
>>>>>
>>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>  GV REPORT – We have $2525.06! We got the $7/ head!
>>>>>
>>>>> Can we buy $.06 worth of penny candy?
>>>>> -       Risquirer – Emily Walker
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: Has anyone seen the Bananagrams?
>>>>>
>>>>> Kerry: I bought a set myself! Let me know if you want to play with me
>>>>> J
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> RHD LAUREN REPORT
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Hot off the press!
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Approached by Bob Lieberman, who wants to bring back Liebermania.
>>>>> However, there will be some caveats this year. Liebermania is a weekly or
>>>>> bi-monthly series for dinner in Tammany. Bob Lieberman brings in speakers on
>>>>> various topics, and we eat dinner from dining. (people not on meal plan can
>>>>> get bonused in by Bob!) This was phased out before because the staff had too
>>>>> much to handle, but shouldn’t be too much for one or a few interested
>>>>> students to run. Speak to RHD Lauren (LDE27) if you are interested in being
>>>>> the student coordinator of this, or with RA Julia (JER76) to hear about her
>>>>> experience running the program before.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> RE  card access for non-Risleyites using our space: We have maxxed out
>>>>> on the number of people we can allow temporary access. This is being looked
>>>>> into. Currently, we cannot give access to non-Risleyites to the Dance Studio
>>>>> because there is no separation door between the dance studio and the living
>>>>> area of the building.
>>>>>
>>>>> Gabriel: Can’t we get card access for only limited hours?
>>>>>
>>>>> RHD Lauren: They’re supposed to have a host.
>>>>>
>>>>> Gabriel: That’s a lot of responsibility for one random Risleyite who’s
>>>>> not actually in the group in question.
>>>>>
>>>>> Dan: Maybe a representative from the club could be let in by the RA on
>>>>> call, or a resident, and then that representative would let in the rest of
>>>>> their group members?
>>>>>
>>>>> RA Lauren: There’s a difference between giving a single person card
>>>>> access, and turning off card access to the doors for everyone. What we’ve
>>>>> done in the past is turn off the card access to the theater door, and then
>>>>> have people rely on residents if they need to get from the theater foyer
>>>>> into the dance studio.
>>>>>
>>>>> Sarah: To reduce the amount of people with access to living quarters
>>>>> and to make it simpler, would we be able to find a suitable facility in the
>>>>> outside non-living quarters layer, to which to relocate outside groups?
>>>>>
>>>>> Gabriel: The great hall is a similar sized space.
>>>>>
>>>>> Sally: A bunch of these are actually dance groups, which will need the
>>>>> mirror, ability to tap dance, etc. Also, with the great hall, it’s harder to
>>>>> let people to use them. Could we get them Shabbat keys? Physical keys? Might
>>>>> be a solution?
>>>>>
>>>>> RHD Lauren: We just really don’t want people who don’t live in the
>>>>> building to have access to the living quarters.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> RHD Lauren: TV meeting (meeting about getting a new TV) Sept. 21 at
>>>>> 3:00 in the TVR, come one come all, voice opinions to facilities
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Certain individuals have been hanging things on pipes, NO NO BAD BAD
>>>>> FIRE HAZARD
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Please use website that Carolina sent out to log things on Wegmans.com
>>>>> if you want to do RisBrunch or Eat This, etc. Other food purchases.
>>>>> (address?)
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Life Drawing has been put on hold due to legal issues…business
>>>>> services…health and safety management…legally, the person who is modeling
>>>>> has to be legal to pose nude in all fifty states. Also, they need to be on
>>>>> CU payroll to be paid. I just got a call saying Life Drawing cannot
>>>>> happen…this week, we will have clothed models or still life. I’m working on
>>>>> it, emailing everybody and your mom, etc.
>>>>>
>>>>> Kerry: Assuming people volunteer to pose for free, and are 18, can they
>>>>> model?
>>>>>
>>>>> RHD Lauren: Not nude, not this week.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> THE KOMMITTEE STICK OF POWER HAS FALLEN, AIIE
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> RA LAUREN REPORT.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Tammany happened! Open Mic Night ruuuled, hellz yeah.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> There are still open weekends in the Tammany schedule, contact LRW45 if
>>>>> you’d like to bring a group into Tammany.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> This is Lauren, this is no one else.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> There has been some concern that the listserve has been overutilized,
>>>>> especially regarding carshare, trips, etc. I think we could find a better
>>>>> way to do things, like busses, taxis…we could create a rideshare bulletin
>>>>> board.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> RA JULIA REPORT.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Faculty Fellow dinners have started with Antonia (5:30 Mondays) and Tom
>>>>> Hill (5:00 Friday). You go, you eat, you sit, you hang out, you learn
>>>>> things. If you’re not on meal plan they can bonus you in (eat for free!).
>>>>> Ask the dining staff for the sign-in list.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Also working on a bus trip to the Bodies exhibit in NYC this November.
>>>>> It will be a one-day trip. Will probably be a limited number of seats.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Julia got a hair cut! Boy howdy, but she does look purdy.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Ahh, a spider!
>>>>>
>>>>> RA NATE REPORT.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> I haven’t heard back from Cornell EMS yet. Will harass them with vigor
>>>>> this week.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Thanks to everyone who has signed up to Eat This and RisBrunch.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> We are helping out with Edgemoor’s Haunted House this year. Very
>>>>> shortly, I will be seeking out volunteers: actors, techies, etc. A 5-room
>>>>> haunted house with the theme of Tiki Terror this year.
>>>>>
>>>>> RA SALLY REPORT.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> The shops have been doing lots of open shops, programming, etc. Go
>>>>> check them out!
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Working on Life Drawing snafu as well.
>>>>>
>>>>> RA KERRY REPORT.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Meditation will start next Sunday at noon in my room.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Come to Naked Improv open rehearsal, Sundays from 6-8 in the CLR.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Organizing the logistics for a new program, Sex on the Table, has
>>>>> begun. This will be a "Liebermania-esque" program, in that we will eat
>>>>> dinner in Tammany while listening to a speaker. These speakers will be
>>>>> experts in various sex, sexuality, gender, LGBTQ, etc. etc. areas. Stay
>>>>> tuned. Email me if you would like to get involved, KLP46.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> AIR REPORTS.
>>>>> CAROLINA:
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Far far away.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> ABE:
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Hi I’m Abe! I feel like I’ve been introducing myself a lot…here I am
>>>>> again. I got a lot to say, get comfortable.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Let’s alternate between small and big (that’s what she said)
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> I’ve come all the way from San Francisco. Looking forward to working
>>>>> with all of you guys! I’d like to sort of feel you out, see what your
>>>>> reactions are to some of my programming ideas. I came here with two major
>>>>> projects in mind for my tenure as Artist in Residence. On top of being a
>>>>> writer, I also have a performance group called Odyssey works. Essentially a
>>>>> cross-discipline experimental…thingything. Mostly San Fran based. We produce
>>>>> very unusual performances, where instead of artists developing something out
>>>>> of their own inspiration, we create using our audience as the inspiration,
>>>>> which means that the whole group of artists together will study the audience
>>>>> member, understand what affects that person, and create a show for them. A
>>>>> little bit like a love poem. I work with a huge range of different types of
>>>>> artists: writers, dancers, musicians, psychotherapists, composers, etc. etc.
>>>>> The result tends to be a 24 hour performance for an audience of one. I want
>>>>> to collaborate with artists in Ithaca and NYC to perform Odyssey works.
>>>>> Maybe some of you are interested? There will be need for artists of all
>>>>> types, especially actors, musicians, dancers – you name it. I will be giving
>>>>> a presentation about my work, film and discussion, get more in depth about
>>>>> it.  This could be something that happens at ZombieLiebermania. My
>>>>> major work is going to be this piece, which will happen in April of 2011. It
>>>>> will involve an intensive over Spring Break. Let me know if you are
>>>>> interested in getting involved.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> CCA Grants are due in a week, in the process of putting together my
>>>>> application, budget, etc.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Display cases: I have an idea for dems! I’ve long dreamt of this…(who
>>>>> hasn’t?) Actually I already have several in my house in San Fran…A
>>>>> Fantastical Anthropology of Everyday Objects! Perhaps you could donate a
>>>>> comb, a sock, a key – write a page and a half of the history, real or
>>>>> imagined, of that object. (We’re interested!)
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Email me at burickson@yahoo.com if you are interested in any of my
>>>>> work, or about anything that’s on your mind.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> The other main work I want to accomplish this semester will be called
>>>>> Odyssey in a Box. Has anyone ever heard of the work of Janet Kardof (sp?)
>>>>> There are a few people out there today that are already doing work that
>>>>> borders on what this is. This essentially would be like an audio tour, like
>>>>> what you find in museums. But – this takes it a step towards theater. The
>>>>> walking audio tour is combined with the radio play, adding an element of the
>>>>> poetic. I’ll be developing a two-person audio tour called Odyssey in a Box.
>>>>> I need to get grant money first…Essentially, two people will walk into a
>>>>> hotel room in NYC, they will see a sign that says “at 10:00 am, press play
>>>>> on this MP3 player”…a voice will say “look at your partner. We’ll call your
>>>>> partner Pat. Look long and hard at Pat. Can you memorize Pat’s face? Because
>>>>> you may never see him again…” and more. Then you will be led to some
>>>>> maps…etc…directions…this is the beginning of a 6-hour experience – at
>>>>> certain times you might see Pat again – exploring the city throughout the
>>>>> day. Exploring distance vs. contact. I will need voice actors, and people
>>>>> who are good at recording. Email or otherwise contact me if you are
>>>>> interested in participating in some way.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> I want everything I do – my entire life – and yours too…to sound like a
>>>>> movie.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Does anybody like experimental minimalized atonal sound, art, and
>>>>> music? Is there a facility here for us to spend some time listening to
>>>>> sounds? (Tammany!) We could listen to the sound of feet on gravel in
>>>>> Tazmania…or Beethoven’s 9th slowed down. Listening parties.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> The reading series. I’ve been talking with Will Cordiero a lot…he
>>>>> misses us and we miss him…so he might come back and do a reading! I’ve also
>>>>> been talking to a lot of MFA students. Many are amazing writers.  We
>>>>> could combine a Risley poet as an opener to an invited poet, or another kind
>>>>> of writer. I want to bring in MFA students, professors, writers from NYC
>>>>> (famous ones?).
>>>>>
>>>>> Julia: There is a massive RisPoetry group that is forming, I will put
>>>>> you in touch with one another.
>>>>>
>>>>> Contact me if you’d like to do some reading.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> I’m really excited to be here because I have access now to some great
>>>>> resources in terms of sacred art. In and near Ithaca, there are at least two
>>>>> and maybe three things I would like to tap into if I can. I’ve spoken to one
>>>>> of these groups, but not yet the other two..There is a woman here who is a
>>>>> Whirling Dervish, who teaches Whirling. She has been given permission by the
>>>>> Order to teach. If people would be interested in having a Whirling workshop,
>>>>> let me know. Whirling Dervishes are an order of Sufis, Sufism is the
>>>>> mystical branch of Islam, there are many practices involved, the most
>>>>> important of which is Zichar (sp?), the chanting of the nine names of G*d,
>>>>> the Samah (sp?) is “audition” or “hearing” – all about art. Listening to
>>>>> poetry, or music, or dance. The Whirling is dance. The aesthetic experience
>>>>> approaches the divine. It is powerful and fascinating. I practiced this
>>>>> myself, though I no longer do. Hopefully we could use the dance studio, and
>>>>> hopefully make it open to non-Risleyites. Hopefully someone out there will
>>>>> work with me on this? Please contact me or push people my way if you think
>>>>> they’d like it.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> The Sacred Dance of Gurja. (missed name) is a spiritual teacher from
>>>>> the first half of the twentieth century. He learned a lot of sacred dances,
>>>>> many of them Sufi, and developed his own sacred dancing. Similar to Whirling
>>>>> in some way, but unique. Also a kind of meditative dance. An encoding of
>>>>> emotional and spiritual data. In Rochester (or near it) there is a group
>>>>> that has some fantastic teachers of this kind of dance. There is a teacher
>>>>> in Ithaca as well. I currently practice this kind of dance. I would love it
>>>>> if one of these teachers could come and give a workshop here.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> There is a wonderful Buddhist monastery in town – Namgyal monastery (
>>>>> http://www.namgyal.org/). The Dalai Lama comes sometimes. It is an
>>>>> important place. There are a number of practices that involve sacred art
>>>>> practiced by these Tibetan Buddhists, notably sand mandalas. I would love it
>>>>> if we could get some monks to come and build a mandala here, or simply to
>>>>> come and talk.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Who is the theater? Sarah, Ben, Lauren. I have a play! I’m not going to
>>>>> direct it. The whole point of this play is for someone else to put it
>>>>> on…it’s really challenging.
>>>>>
>>>>> RA Lauren: Think about putting it up for play proposal next semester.
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: would require lots of rooms, logistics, creativity. Was originally
>>>>> designed for a theater in SanFran plus a three story building and a bus. But
>>>>> it could happen here! Why not! Life is beautiful. I’m very open to things
>>>>> being reworked, as a writer. Might just hand you a script and walk away…
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> TL;DR email Abe at burickson@yahoo.com if you are interested in any of
>>>>> the projects mentioned above.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> ANNOUNCEMENTS.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Kommittee elections are coming up woo! Referendum is happening Weds
>>>>> Thurs Friday. Tonight is the last night to say you want to run for a
>>>>> position. There will be 8 members at large, ministr of letters (woo) and the
>>>>> propagandist.
>>>>>
>>>>> Members at Large Nominees:
>>>>>
>>>>> 1. Benji Lehman
>>>>>
>>>>> 2. Kim Adams
>>>>>
>>>>> 3. Clover Bobker
>>>>>
>>>>> 4. Adam Romero
>>>>>
>>>>> 5. Spencer Whale (? that can't be right...OR IS IT)
>>>>>
>>>>> 6. Danny Bernstein
>>>>>
>>>>> 7. Miles Ludek
>>>>>
>>>>> 8.
>>>>>
>>>>> 9.
>>>>>
>>>>> 10. {Whoops. Would one of you lovely Monster ladies kindly forward the
>>>>> missing bits of this list to everyone?}
>>>>>
>>>>> 11.
>>>>>
>>>>> 12.
>>>>>
>>>>> 13.
>>>>>
>>>>> 14.
>>>>>
>>>>> 15. Sarah Longchamp
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Minister of Letters nominees:
>>>>>
>>>>> 1. Roskolnikov
>>>>>
>>>>> 2. Miles Ludek and Kerry Pinnisi (two headed monster)
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Propagandist:
>>>>>
>>>>> 1. Dinophone
>>>>>
>>>>> 2. Nolan Poulin and Clover Bobker (two headed monster)
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> RA Lauren: there are extra-curKommitteeular responsibilities as
>>>>> Propagandist, so I think it is beneficial to have two people.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Keep your eyes out for the table outside of dining, Weds Thurs Friday
>>>>> this week.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Note: you can run for more than one position, but you cannot accept
>>>>> more than one.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Next Kommittee we will be reading the winners of the election. Your
>>>>> positions will be effective immediately after that announcement. El
>>>>> Presidente for Life nominations will be accepted at that point as well.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Please send blurbs about who you are and why you want to run to the
>>>>> listserve if you are running, especially if it is for a contested position.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> *I, KERRY, WANT TO RUN AS HALF OF THE MINISTER OF LETTERS BECAUSE I
>>>>> THINK IT IS FUN TO DO. PLEASE SEE ABOVE AND BELOW FOR AN EXAMPLE OF MY
>>>>> WORK.*
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Julia: let’s email all those blurbs to Nolan, the Propagandist, at
>>>>> NIP4, so he can condense and properly publish them by midnight on Monday
>>>>> (THAT’S TOMORROW! When Monday turns into Tuesday, that is.)
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> The RisArchivist is a position that is by appointment, not by election.
>>>>> We really need someone who knows where things are! Jeff was the last
>>>>> archivist (even though we never actually appointed him), but he graduated.
>>>>>
>>>>> Jeff: The role of the archivist is actually rather ambiguous.  We will
>>>>> be pursuing getting the archives into the RisLibrary. They are responsible
>>>>> for managing and organizing the Archives – a room in the Mezzanine (above
>>>>> dining) where documents from the last 40 years or so of Risley history are
>>>>> stored. See Charter for official definition (
>>>>> http://risley.org/pages/kommittee/archives/Charter041810.pdf). You
>>>>> must have a recommendation from Jeff (JTD34), talk to him. This could be
>>>>> potentially a two- or three-headed monster, lots of work involved.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Camilla: Hi! I’m an RA from McLLU (the Multicultural Living and
>>>>> Learning Unit, another program house on campus). We want to get involved
>>>>> with Risley and do programs together. We want to do a bus trip to NYC to see
>>>>> the Broadway show Fela. Critically acclaimed. Want to see a matinee Nov. 13.
>>>>> This would involve Ujamaa as well as Risley and McLLU. We want to make this
>>>>> as affordable as possible. We also want to give you some time to enjoy the
>>>>> city after the show. Currently we’re looking at $20-$30 for the trip and
>>>>> ticket (which is mad cheap, get up on this)! Look for further info on the
>>>>> listserve. Email me at KAA55 with questions, comments or interest.
>>>>>
>>>>> RHD Lauren: If you want to be McLLU’s connection point for this
>>>>> project, please contact me or Camilla.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: We are seeking a Risley Webmaster to put new, fresh, cool content
>>>>> on the Risley webpage! Email me at BMW39 if you are interested.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: I keep mentioning grants..they’re also for students, student
>>>>> organizations, projects, etc. The deadline is soon, and there’s a lot you
>>>>> have to do – come talk to me right away if you want info about how to get
>>>>> money to do what you want to do!
>>>>>
>>>>>  OTHER BUSINESS.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Approval of last week’s minutes.
>>>>>
>>>>> Acclaimed. Yay thanks.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Masquerave: Whitney is our program coordinator, Nate is our
>>>>> coordinating RA, but we need also a finalized subcommittee and a theme BY
>>>>> THE END OF THIS WEEK. There will be an email going out by the end of
>>>>> tomorrow looking for people to coordinate the three front rooms and Tammany.
>>>>> Think about if you want to design a themed room.
>>>>>
>>>>> RA Lauren: anyone who is currently a junior or younger, please consider
>>>>> working with Whitney, so there will be someone next year who knows how to do
>>>>> it…
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> ALLOCATIONS:
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Molly: $90 for 200 ft of jewelry wire for jewelry shop. Want extra so
>>>>> people can mess around and get really creative!
>>>>>
>>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> RHD Lauren: Kommittee should have snacks! $30 for snacks next week.
>>>>>
>>>>> Audrey: That’s a lot of money…
>>>>>
>>>>> Chorus: It will go back into the budget if she goes under.
>>>>>
>>>>> Audrey: What kind of snacks were you going to bring?
>>>>>
>>>>> RHD Lauren: Was looking for suggestions. This allocation could also
>>>>> last a few Kommittees.
>>>>>
>>>>> RA Lauren calls to question.
>>>>>
>>>>> Calling to question LOUDLY ACCLAIMED.
>>>>>
>>>>> Hand vote:
>>>>>
>>>>> 26 in favor, 2 nay, 1 Abstain.
>>>>>
>>>>> Acclaimed. LINING YOUR OWN POCKETS EH KOMMITTEE?
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Miles: We want to make a book scanner! Mostly we need digital cameras
>>>>> and some hardware to hold a book. This can also be used as a single page
>>>>> scanner. We would like $300.
>>>>>
>>>>> Brandon: Is there an intellectual property concern if we are Risley
>>>>> funding scanning copies of books?
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: We’re scanning artwork! Also, just possessing a scanner is not
>>>>> illegal. Also, we mostly want to scan Archives.
>>>>> Jeff: Is this going to automatically turn the pages for you?
>>>>> Ben: Sorry, no robot to do your bidding, lazypants.
>>>>>
>>>>> Nate: You mentioned camera/cameras…what kind?
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: Two cameras, Powershot AE480, $75 each, 10 megapixels each.
>>>>>
>>>>> Clover: Motion to call to question.
>>>>>
>>>>> Nate: This is going to be a long Kommittee, but we could use discussion
>>>>> on this important issue. FAMOUS LAST WORDS.
>>>>>
>>>>> RHD Lauren: Let’s give Abe a chance to speak too, as he is a writer.
>>>>>
>>>>> Motion to call to question denied. The Nays were loud enough, sorry
>>>>> Charter.
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: About copyright. Since this is a university, an educational
>>>>> institution, for our use here we can scan and copy any book we want and it
>>>>> will fall under the FAIR USE CLAUSE (I fought the law and the…law won!) As
>>>>> long as we’re using it for educational purposes.
>>>>>
>>>>> Adam: Would it be cheaper and easier to buy a scanner?
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: A flatbed scanner wouldn’t do it for us, and an actual scanner is
>>>>> way too expensive.
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: The budget currently has $2405.06 unallocated.
>>>>>
>>>>> Molly: Are there any cameras that Risley already owns that we could
>>>>> use?
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: It’s better to have matched pairs.
>>>>>
>>>>> Audrey: Why do we need two?
>>>>> Ben: It’s angled in such a way to do two pages at once.
>>>>>
>>>>> Nate: Two cheap cameras ($90)…we could lend them to people in the
>>>>> building. Dual use allocation. Can we call to question?
>>>>>
>>>>> Sally: comment on calling to question: Where’s the other $150 going?
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: Cables, SD card, two by fours, washers, nuts, MDF, clamp lamps,
>>>>> lighting, acrylic. We’ve consulted with the woodshop re: building the frame
>>>>> and we decided it was best to have our own $ for it.
>>>>>
>>>>> Motion called to question.
>>>>>
>>>>> Motion passes. Book scanner exists! (as a twinkle in Miles's and Ben's
>>>>> eye..)
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Brendan, CLR, poetry group: Colin’s poetry group is great! 5:00-6:00
>>>>> Saturdays, CLR
>>>>>
>>>>> Julia: Then we go to dinner afterwards!
>>>>>
>>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Bennett: Following up on things we allocated for last year, that we
>>>>> voted in favor of, but didn’t follow through on – still want to get…
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> $300 for a dance studio mat. We currently have one but the existing mat
>>>>> is too small. Also Kerry is allergic to it.
>>>>>
>>>>> Gabriel: This money has not been subtracted from the budget even though
>>>>> we already allocated it?
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: It is not in any way reflected in our budget.
>>>>>
>>>>> RHD Lauren: This was allocated in 2009-2010 budget. This money did roll
>>>>> back in. This is basically a new allocation.
>>>>>
>>>>> Alan: Is it necessary to cover the entire floor with a single mat?
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: not the entire floor, but we have only one mat…if you wanted to do
>>>>> e.g. throws, then you can really only have 1 practicing pair. This is
>>>>> insufficient.
>>>>>
>>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Tom, $100, rags for the print shop.
>>>>>
>>>>> Nolan: Are there specific rags or can we just find some old shirts?
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: He is going to buy them locally in bulk, they will last forever.
>>>>>
>>>>> Jim: Are we still talking about this? Oh, I was recently in the print
>>>>> shop, and they really do use A LOT of rags, like really, and you need a
>>>>> special kind not to hurt your press or the print.
>>>>>
>>>>> Sarah: Were these rags part of last week’s print shop allocation?
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: No.
>>>>>
>>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> $30 for Bananagrams. Everyone loves this game, we wanted two sets.
>>>>>
>>>>> Adam: What is Banagrams?
>>>>> Ben: A fun scrabble-like game that comes in a banana!
>>>>>
>>>>> Monster calls to question due to distress.
>>>>>
>>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: Applying to Cornell Council to the Arts. The production cost for
>>>>> Odyssey Works NYC production in April is $4,736. I would like $3,000 from
>>>>> Cornell grant, and I’m going to try to raise about $1,100 from donors. I’m
>>>>> going to ask for $600 from Risley Kommittee.
>>>>>
>>>>> Bennett: So you said this is happening in April. So this is a lot of
>>>>> money now. We haven’t gotten money from Rocky Horror yet. Can this wait?
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: No, because the application to CCA is due on the 20th of this
>>>>> month. I don’t NEED the money now, but I need to know that I CAN have it.
>>>>>
>>>>> Jeff: 1. How much is the other allocation? I’m worried about running
>>>>> low on $$...on the other hand, I know they (grant givers) like to see that
>>>>> people have bought into this.
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: we’re currently at $1675.06.
>>>>>
>>>>> Jeff: So that’s 2/3 of our budget. ($600 plus forthcoming $400
>>>>> allocation from Abe).
>>>>>
>>>>> Julia: Have we allocated for MRave and Rocky yet?
>>>>>
>>>>> RA Lauren: Yes, but we have not yet allocated for cultural dinners or
>>>>> RisThanksgiving.
>>>>>
>>>>> Jeff: Is that $500 that will be left going to last us? Are there other
>>>>> planned allocations?
>>>>>
>>>>> RA Lauren: Yes, me. I’ll be asking for $168 dollars.
>>>>>
>>>>> Benji: Given that Abe said he doesn’t actually need to USE the money
>>>>> before April, i.e. after Rocky and MRave, I feel as though this isn’t as
>>>>> risky as it seems and it is furthering our RisMission. I support this.
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: Yes, most of the money for this will need to be used after
>>>>> January.
>>>>>
>>>>> Nolan: Will we be able to nominally be in the red (i.e. spend the money
>>>>> we allocate for Abe here, before we get our MRave money)?
>>>>> Ben: BTW we’ve never spent more than $200 on a non-traditional program.
>>>>>
>>>>> Audrey: The most our budget ever was was $6,000…this is a lot of money.
>>>>>
>>>>> Sarah L.: Even though I can see how it would be technically possible to
>>>>> use the money that’s been allocated, unless we have the ability to back out
>>>>> of that allocation, that is a really good way to run ourselves into debt.
>>>>> This is how Wall Street crashed and burned.
>>>>>
>>>>> RA Lauren: Have you asked for money from TSub? They have a separate
>>>>> budget. Also MRave, even though it earned $600, spent $800, was a net $200
>>>>> loss.
>>>>>
>>>>> Gabriel: Is there something in Charter that would allow us to “make a
>>>>> pledge”?
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: No.
>>>>>
>>>>> Gabriel: Also, these grant people want to see that we’re putting in
>>>>> money…Risley’s kind of in a similar position, worrying about whether the
>>>>> grant will come through.
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: Every grant wants to know you’ve gotten a grant from somewhere
>>>>> else…
>>>>>
>>>>> Courtney: Would it make sense to allocate a portion of what you’re
>>>>> asking for, so you can say you’re being supported and we’ll give you the
>>>>> other half later if we can?
>>>>> Abe: It’s possible.
>>>>>
>>>>> Nolan: The $6000 we had last year was due in large part to the proceeds
>>>>> from Dr. Horrible’s Sing Along Blog.
>>>>>
>>>>> Benji: Actually no. That went into TSub’s budget.
>>>>>
>>>>> Nolan: Also we were told that we were going to lose our money if we
>>>>> didn’t spent it – hence came the foam swords.
>>>>>
>>>>> Jeff: We have $45/student x 600 members (I think)
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: Last semester we started with $11,000, we cut off $2,500 to feed
>>>>> the AIRs. The Spring is very different from the fall because there are no
>>>>> more big expensive programs.
>>>>>
>>>>> Jeff: Can we even allocate money to spend next semester?
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: Not sure.
>>>>>
>>>>> Sarah: When are these grants due? Could this wait until after TSub
>>>>> meets next week?
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: Grants are due next Monday. So no.
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: How much is in TSub’s budget?
>>>>>
>>>>> Benji: About $2000.
>>>>>
>>>>> Sarah: We have upcoming in-house products, and we also don’t know how
>>>>> much we’re going to spend on rewiring (a huge project).
>>>>>
>>>>> Kerry: This could quell spontaneous programming.
>>>>>
>>>>> RA Lauren/RHD Lauren Dual-Brained Entity: Can we just bend the rules
>>>>> and pretend we’re allocating out of next semester’s budget?
>>>>>
>>>>> New motion: $600 from next semester’s budget.
>>>>>
>>>>> Audrey: I want to point out that he hasn’t quite finished describing
>>>>> what the motion is for.
>>>>> Abe: I’ve only spoken about the first motion, which is this $600 for
>>>>> the 24 hour piece (with Odyssey Works - the show for the audience of one)
>>>>> that will happen in NYC (and Ithaca). The funding is for transportation and
>>>>> bringing artists (including maybe you) in to work with us. Rental space,
>>>>> materials, costuming, food. Funds also for documentation, DVDs etc. The full
>>>>> budget (the whole grant) includes money for me to give a presentation on the
>>>>> work we did.
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: What else could we be doing with this money? Lots of things we
>>>>> could get for the building that would last for a long time that we would not
>>>>> be able to do, spontaneous programming, etc.
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: This performance will only happen once in the universe, and this
>>>>> is the only chance that I’ll have to do this in NYC, and probably the only
>>>>> chance you’ll have to do this.
>>>>>
>>>>> Sarah L.: I would say that again, I’m not really comfortable with
>>>>> promising money for next semester unless we’re either 100% sure we’re going
>>>>> to have the money, or we have some sort of exit clause on it.
>>>>>
>>>>> Molly: The point of doing it next semester is that we’ll start with a
>>>>> fresh budget then.
>>>>>
>>>>> Jeff: I am really nervous about allocating money for next semester.
>>>>> Seems like it’s setting a dangerous precedent, which I know we don’t have
>>>>> now – and it’s definitely bending the rules. I would rather spend money now.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> RA Lauren: We won’t actually be spending this money now anyway.
>>>>> Additionally, it might be beneficial to table this motion.
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: That means it would be discussed next week…that will be difficult
>>>>> because the deadline is the next day.
>>>>>
>>>>> RA Lauren: OK, no tabling.
>>>>>
>>>>> Adam: If we allocated this money now, and then didn’t spend it for a
>>>>> long time, would our budget be operating as if it had $600 or $1600?
>>>>>
>>>>> Brendan: Things of this sort are sort of why Risley exists, no? To
>>>>> foster this sort of art? (Hear Hear)
>>>>>
>>>>> Kaiya: Motion to call to question.
>>>>>
>>>>> Jeff: What is the actual motion right now?
>>>>>
>>>>> Molly: $600 out of next semester’s budget.
>>>>>
>>>>> 11 yes,  8 opposed, 10 abstain.
>>>>>
>>>>> We need to vote to divide the house. If the motion to divide the house
>>>>> does not pass by a simple majority, the motion fails.
>>>>>
>>>>> 20 in favor to divide the house, 4 opposed, 2 abstain.
>>>>>
>>>>> The house is divided. [Abe leaves the room]
>>>>>
>>>>> 13 in favor, 16 against. Motion fails.
>>>>>
>>>>> Adam: Now he can revise it to ask for a different amount of money.
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: I revise my motion to $300 for this semester.
>>>>>
>>>>> Jeff: I’m glad it’s coming out of this semester. This could affect
>>>>> voting.
>>>>>
>>>>> Spencer: Risley involvement with this project seems scant. It might be
>>>>> hard for students to be available at all because it’s happening over Spring
>>>>> Break, and there’s no audience.
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: The piece will involve a large number of artists, and there will
>>>>> be a transportation system to get to NYC, and a portion will happen in
>>>>> Ithaca, quite possibly in Ithaca. My intention is to get as many artists
>>>>> involved as possible (Kerry: the audience is the artist, in some sense,
>>>>> perhaps?) There might also be something happening in the theater.
>>>>>
>>>>> Jeff: Any AIR that wants to support the arts and RisCommunity deserves
>>>>> our support. (HEAR HEAR!)
>>>>> Ben: Motion to call to question.
>>>>>
>>>>> 28 in favor, 2 opposed
>>>>>
>>>>> Motion is called to question. $300 this semester.
>>>>>
>>>>> 26 in favor, 2 opposed, 3 abstain.
>>>>>
>>>>> $300 passes. Clap clap clap.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> EVERYONE GETS A RISPURITY POINT FOR ATTENDING A 2 HOUR KOMMITTEE!! RHD
>>>>> Lauren’s first one!
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Gabriel: If TSub allocates lots for him, can we get money back?
>>>>>
>>>>> Sally: Money not spent goes back to the budget.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: I promise never to do this to you all again. No more purity points
>>>>> on my account.
>>>>>
>>>>> (General Laughter).
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: The budget for this second piece, which is the “audio tour” (see
>>>>> above), called Odyssey in a Box. Want to create 5 different tours on one day
>>>>> in the city, leaving at staggered times. I want an allocation from this
>>>>> semester, to be spent this semester. This involves recording and playback
>>>>> elements. Want to have voice actors, people who work with sound – want to do
>>>>> it in the recording studio. Then there is the actual object – a box. A
>>>>> beautiful box that gives an air of mystery, Alice in Wonderlandesque. This
>>>>> allocation would primarily be for the creation of these boxes. The full
>>>>> budget is about $1500. The request is $400. About a quarter of the piece
>>>>> will involve Risley folk. The items in the box will be an MP3 player, toy
>>>>> binoculars, 1 day metro card, tote bag, some other various objects.
>>>>> $111.25/box (about). 10 boxes = 5 tours. There’s also a rental of a hotel
>>>>> room, and trips to New York (hopefully including Risleyites to take the
>>>>> tour).
>>>>>
>>>>> Adam: Risleyites would be doing the voice recording, making the boxes
>>>>> themselves, who actually takes the tours?
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: They’re open to the public. Risleyites could go. Obviously there
>>>>> is a limited number that can go each day.
>>>>>
>>>>> Adam: Is there any way that we could make this a “rental experience”
>>>>> and make some money back off of this? Advertise it as a couple's experience?
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: I don’t want to allocate based on profits I don’t yet know about.
>>>>> But – the rental of the room – the boxes could be at the Cornell Club, and
>>>>> patrons there could rent the boxes/experience for $50/day, a portion of
>>>>> which could very reasonably come back to Risley.
>>>>>
>>>>> Bennett: This is an awesome project idea, I love that Risleyites will
>>>>> be involved, but what I see us getting from the money is $400 for making
>>>>> sure the project happens and so we can be involved. That feels expensive for
>>>>> our buck.
>>>>>
>>>>> Audrey: Is there any way that you could move the project an audio tour
>>>>> of Ithaca?
>>>>>
>>>>> Gabriel: We are technically a city.
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: I’ve already begun work on this, so no. I could add students
>>>>> (Risleyites) working on an audio tour of Risley, though. If we did this as a
>>>>> downloadable MP3 it would cost nothing. Wanted to see how many people were
>>>>> getting involved in the first proposed piece, then allocate for that next
>>>>> semester.
>>>>>
>>>>> Gabriel: I agree with Audrey. Risley is supposed to be supporting the
>>>>> arts, but doing these off-location projects adds so much expense. I also
>>>>> think we have or can make some of the things you want on your list. Doing
>>>>> things that way, rather than just spending money, has our own residents
>>>>> crafting, which is part of the goal we support. How much of that have you
>>>>> thought about? I don’t think we have time to talk about that tonight. Also:
>>>>> there are 10 people that can do this per day, right? The overhead for that
>>>>> “audience” is a large ratio.
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: It can go on for years – hundreds and hundreds of people can take
>>>>> the tour.
>>>>>
>>>>> Gabriel: There should also be a discussion about where these are kept,
>>>>> and who owns them, and who gets the “renting” profits? I’d like to think
>>>>> Risley would own them.
>>>>>
>>>>> Molly: Can we move the discussion away from “can you rewrite your
>>>>> grant”? They’re all great ideas but that’s not a reasonable request.
>>>>>
>>>>> Sally: Motion to call to question.
>>>>>
>>>>> 22 in favor, 5 against, 5 abstain.
>>>>>
>>>>> Motion is called to question.
>>>>>
>>>>> Voting on $400 for Odyssey in a Box.
>>>>>
>>>>> 12 in favor, 7 against, 10 abstain.
>>>>>
>>>>> Motion to divide the house.
>>>>>
>>>>> 27 in favor, 1 against, 1 abstain.
>>>>>
>>>>> THIS IS WHY WE NEED SNACKS.
>>>>>
>>>>> The house is divided. Voting on $400 for Abe.
>>>>>
>>>>> 19 in favor, 11 against, 1 (RA exercising the Switzerland clause)
>>>>> abstention.
>>>>>
>>>>> Motion fails.
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: If I lowered it to $300 would that change anyone’s mind?
>>>>>
>>>>> Abe: Motion to vote on $300.
>>>>>
>>>>> 20 in favor, 9 against, 2 abstain.
>>>>>
>>>>> Motion passes. CLAPCLAPCLAP.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> RA Lauren: $300 for Risley Thanksgiving. This is something we usually
>>>>> do. This is a program held on Thanksgiving Day. Students cook and eat
>>>>> together. For everyone in the Risley community who stays for Thanksgiving.
>>>>> You can bring a guest if you pay in advance (LLC People, Isaac’s Dad, etc.).
>>>>> We usually feed 40+ people.
>>>>>
>>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Ben: Sundays 3-4 Dance Studio for Kali (martial arts)
>>>>>
>>>>> Acclaimedreallyfast
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> OTHER OTHER BUSINESS.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> None.
>>>>>
>>>>> THEME FOR NEXT KOMMITTEE. Raise your hand if you need a snack
>>>>> Kommittee.
>>>>>
>>>>> SECRET AGENDA. It’s not so much a purity point as it is a couple’s
>>>>> experience.
>>>>>
>>>>> (Well played, Kate.)(I think it was Kate.)
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>
>>
>


-- 
Carolina Osorio Gil
Knowledge Coordinator
ICM
www.icm.cc
t: 607 288 4001
f: 607 288 4004
part}
part{ ID: 3, Content-type: text/html
Non-text part: text/html
part}
part}
body}
message}
message{ id:AANLkTimqnWuptbdj2v8C_++b+9ro7kOv12Ej42Wuw6tc@mail.gmail.com depth:6 match:1 excluded:0 filename:/home/tlevine/safe/maildir/cold/thomas.levine@gmail.com/Risley Hall/cur/1342935646_0.29203.desk,U=6062,FMD5=0053d1416f3d0bfa6a572fa31ce7c0ec:2,S
header{
Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu> (2010-09-17) (inbox)
Subject: Re: KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR SEPTEMBER THE 12, 2010: FIRE MARSHALL LOVE/WOLVES ON A PLANE KOMMITTEE
From: Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu>
To: Carolina Osorio Gil <carolina.osorio.gil@gmail.com>
Cc: Clover Bobker <crb89@cornell.edu>, risleyhall-l <risleyhall-l@cornell.edu>
Date: Fri, 17 Sep 2010 17:15:52 -0400
header}
body{
part{ ID: 1, Content-type: multipart/alternative
part{ ID: 2, Content-type: text/plain
Clarification on voting rules:

1. Any Risleyite or out-of-house member may vote for Members at Large,
Minister of Letters, and Propagandist at the table outside of dining until 7
pm today. THIS IS YOUR FINAL WARNING.
2. Endured members may vote for Kommittee Chair. Chair nominations are at
this week's Kommittee. Voting for Chair will occur at the following
Kommittee.

Love,
Kerry


On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 2:18 PM, Carolina Osorio Gil <
carolina.osorio.gil@gmail.com> wrote:

> HOW TO USE THE WEGMANS SITE TO MAKE SHOPPING LISTS FOR RHD LAUREN:
>
> Hello Risleypeeps:
>
> Firstly,  I am so sorry I didn't make it to Kommittee last night... sounds
> like it was a doozy...
>
> Here is a link to the place on the Wegmans site where you can make shopping
> lists:
>
> http://www.wegmans.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/ShoppingListsView?storeId=10052&catalogId=10002&langId=-1
>
> It's pretty easy to use, just use the links on the left to navigate around
> like you would in the actual supermarket.  You can also type in keywords in
> the search box.  If you click on the link that says "Find Your Store" under
> the Wegmans logo on the top left of the page, enter your zip code (14850)
> and select the Ithaca Wegmans, it will give you prices!  When your list is
> complete, you can send it to RHD Lauren and it will tell her what aisle
> everythings in!  How awesome is that?!?
>
> You don't need to create an account to do it, just if you want to save your
> lists.
>
> Peace,
> c
>
> Carolina Osorio Gil '02
> Artist in Residence
> Risley Residential College
> Cornell University
>
>
> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 8:57 AM, Clover Bobker <crb89@cornell.edu> wrote:
>
>> You never know, Dinophone may win. But yes, you may remove me from Members
>> at Large, Kerry. <3
>>
>>
>> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 7:25 AM, Silviana Russo <str38@cornell.edu>wrote:
>>
>>> Audrey is right.  Since they are running unopposed, they automatically
>>> accept that position, so there is no point in putting them on the ballot for
>>> members at large.
>>>
>>>
>>> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 7:17 AM, Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu>wrote:
>>>
>>>> Actually, charter rules as follows:
>>>>
>>>> "Note: you can run for more than one position, but you cannot accept
>>>> more than one."
>>>>
>>>> Love,
>>>> Kerry
>>>>
>>>> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 4:12 AM, Audrey Sutton <ars286@cornell.edu>wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> I am one of the people running as a member at large.
>>>>> I would also like to point out that it was brought up in meeting that
>>>>> because they are running unopposed for other positions and you can only have
>>>>> one position, both Clover and Miles are not in the running for members at
>>>>> large.
>>>>> ~Audrey Sutton 248
>>>>>
>>>>> On Mon, Sep 13, 2010 at 1:17 AM, Kerry Pinnisi <klp46@cornell.edu>wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> I apologize, but due to the sheer length of the minutes combined with
>>>>>> my drugged (antihistamine) state, there may be an unusual number of errors
>>>>>> in tonight's minutes. Please, if anything (no matter how small) is
>>>>>> incorrect, email the listserve directly (ideally, "reply all"). Thanks, lots
>>>>>> of love, your Minister of Letters.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> KOMMITTEE MINUTES FOR SEPTEMBER THE 12, 2010
>>>>>> THEME: FIRE MARSHALL LOVE/WOLVES ON A PLANE KOMMITTEE
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Clarification: Is it endured members or members-at-large that can vote
>>>>>> in the upcoming election? It is endured members, i.e., all members! P.S. As
>>>>>> it is the third meeting of Kommittee, welcome new (officially) endured
>>>>>> members!
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Also: Long Kommittee is long. To expidite long Kommittee, let us know
>>>>>> if you want to be removed from a list of speakers when we are doing comments
>>>>>> or questions. Use the cancellation gesture of your choice.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> (FAMOUS LAST WORDS..)
>>>>>>
>>>>>> INSIDE GROUPS SEEKING MUSIC ROOM:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> None.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> OUTSIDE GROUPS:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sabor Latino, 9-11 Sunday Nights
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sally: Do they already have time?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: No.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>  GV REPORT – We have $2525.06! We got the $7/ head!
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Can we buy $.06 worth of penny candy?
>>>>>> -       Risquirer – Emily Walker
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: Has anyone seen the Bananagrams?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Kerry: I bought a set myself! Let me know if you want to play with me
>>>>>> J
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RHD LAUREN REPORT
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Hot off the press!
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Approached by Bob Lieberman, who wants to bring back Liebermania.
>>>>>> However, there will be some caveats this year. Liebermania is a weekly or
>>>>>> bi-monthly series for dinner in Tammany. Bob Lieberman brings in speakers on
>>>>>> various topics, and we eat dinner from dining. (people not on meal plan can
>>>>>> get bonused in by Bob!) This was phased out before because the staff had too
>>>>>> much to handle, but shouldn’t be too much for one or a few interested
>>>>>> students to run. Speak to RHD Lauren (LDE27) if you are interested in being
>>>>>> the student coordinator of this, or with RA Julia (JER76) to hear about her
>>>>>> experience running the program before.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RE  card access for non-Risleyites using our space: We have maxxed
>>>>>> out on the number of people we can allow temporary access. This is being
>>>>>> looked into. Currently, we cannot give access to non-Risleyites to the Dance
>>>>>> Studio because there is no separation door between the dance studio and the
>>>>>> living area of the building.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Gabriel: Can’t we get card access for only limited hours?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RHD Lauren: They’re supposed to have a host.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Gabriel: That’s a lot of responsibility for one random Risleyite who’s
>>>>>> not actually in the group in question.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Dan: Maybe a representative from the club could be let in by the RA on
>>>>>> call, or a resident, and then that representative would let in the rest of
>>>>>> their group members?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA Lauren: There’s a difference between giving a single person card
>>>>>> access, and turning off card access to the doors for everyone. What we’ve
>>>>>> done in the past is turn off the card access to the theater door, and then
>>>>>> have people rely on residents if they need to get from the theater foyer
>>>>>> into the dance studio.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarah: To reduce the amount of people with access to living quarters
>>>>>> and to make it simpler, would we be able to find a suitable facility in the
>>>>>> outside non-living quarters layer, to which to relocate outside groups?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Gabriel: The great hall is a similar sized space.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sally: A bunch of these are actually dance groups, which will need the
>>>>>> mirror, ability to tap dance, etc. Also, with the great hall, it’s harder to
>>>>>> let people to use them. Could we get them Shabbat keys? Physical keys? Might
>>>>>> be a solution?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RHD Lauren: We just really don’t want people who don’t live in the
>>>>>> building to have access to the living quarters.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RHD Lauren: TV meeting (meeting about getting a new TV) Sept. 21 at
>>>>>> 3:00 in the TVR, come one come all, voice opinions to facilities
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Certain individuals have been hanging things on pipes, NO NO BAD BAD
>>>>>> FIRE HAZARD
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Please use website that Carolina sent out to log things on Wegmans.com
>>>>>> if you want to do RisBrunch or Eat This, etc. Other food purchases.
>>>>>> (address?)
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Life Drawing has been put on hold due to legal issues…business
>>>>>> services…health and safety management…legally, the person who is modeling
>>>>>> has to be legal to pose nude in all fifty states. Also, they need to be on
>>>>>> CU payroll to be paid. I just got a call saying Life Drawing cannot
>>>>>> happen…this week, we will have clothed models or still life. I’m working on
>>>>>> it, emailing everybody and your mom, etc.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Kerry: Assuming people volunteer to pose for free, and are 18, can
>>>>>> they model?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RHD Lauren: Not nude, not this week.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> THE KOMMITTEE STICK OF POWER HAS FALLEN, AIIE
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA LAUREN REPORT.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Tammany happened! Open Mic Night ruuuled, hellz yeah.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> There are still open weekends in the Tammany schedule, contact LRW45
>>>>>> if you’d like to bring a group into Tammany.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> This is Lauren, this is no one else.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> There has been some concern that the listserve has been overutilized,
>>>>>> especially regarding carshare, trips, etc. I think we could find a better
>>>>>> way to do things, like busses, taxis…we could create a rideshare bulletin
>>>>>> board.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA JULIA REPORT.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Faculty Fellow dinners have started with Antonia (5:30 Mondays) and
>>>>>> Tom Hill (5:00 Friday). You go, you eat, you sit, you hang out, you learn
>>>>>> things. If you’re not on meal plan they can bonus you in (eat for free!).
>>>>>> Ask the dining staff for the sign-in list.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Also working on a bus trip to the Bodies exhibit in NYC this November.
>>>>>> It will be a one-day trip. Will probably be a limited number of seats.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Julia got a hair cut! Boy howdy, but she does look purdy.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ahh, a spider!
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA NATE REPORT.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> I haven’t heard back from Cornell EMS yet. Will harass them with vigor
>>>>>> this week.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Thanks to everyone who has signed up to Eat This and RisBrunch.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> We are helping out with Edgemoor’s Haunted House this year. Very
>>>>>> shortly, I will be seeking out volunteers: actors, techies, etc. A 5-room
>>>>>> haunted house with the theme of Tiki Terror this year.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA SALLY REPORT.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> The shops have been doing lots of open shops, programming, etc. Go
>>>>>> check them out!
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Working on Life Drawing snafu as well.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA KERRY REPORT.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Meditation will start next Sunday at noon in my room.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Come to Naked Improv open rehearsal, Sundays from 6-8 in the CLR.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Organizing the logistics for a new program, Sex on the Table, has
>>>>>> begun. This will be a "Liebermania-esque" program, in that we will eat
>>>>>> dinner in Tammany while listening to a speaker. These speakers will be
>>>>>> experts in various sex, sexuality, gender, LGBTQ, etc. etc. areas. Stay
>>>>>> tuned. Email me if you would like to get involved, KLP46.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> AIR REPORTS.
>>>>>> CAROLINA:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Far far away.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> ABE:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Hi I’m Abe! I feel like I’ve been introducing myself a lot…here I am
>>>>>> again. I got a lot to say, get comfortable.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Let’s alternate between small and big (that’s what she said)
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> I’ve come all the way from San Francisco. Looking forward to working
>>>>>> with all of you guys! I’d like to sort of feel you out, see what your
>>>>>> reactions are to some of my programming ideas. I came here with two major
>>>>>> projects in mind for my tenure as Artist in Residence. On top of being a
>>>>>> writer, I also have a performance group called Odyssey works. Essentially a
>>>>>> cross-discipline experimental…thingything. Mostly San Fran based. We produce
>>>>>> very unusual performances, where instead of artists developing something out
>>>>>> of their own inspiration, we create using our audience as the inspiration,
>>>>>> which means that the whole group of artists together will study the audience
>>>>>> member, understand what affects that person, and create a show for them. A
>>>>>> little bit like a love poem. I work with a huge range of different types of
>>>>>> artists: writers, dancers, musicians, psychotherapists, composers, etc. etc.
>>>>>> The result tends to be a 24 hour performance for an audience of one. I want
>>>>>> to collaborate with artists in Ithaca and NYC to perform Odyssey works.
>>>>>> Maybe some of you are interested? There will be need for artists of all
>>>>>> types, especially actors, musicians, dancers – you name it. I will be giving
>>>>>> a presentation about my work, film and discussion, get more in depth about
>>>>>> it.  This could be something that happens at ZombieLiebermania. My
>>>>>> major work is going to be this piece, which will happen in April of 2011. It
>>>>>> will involve an intensive over Spring Break. Let me know if you are
>>>>>> interested in getting involved.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> CCA Grants are due in a week, in the process of putting together my
>>>>>> application, budget, etc.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Display cases: I have an idea for dems! I’ve long dreamt of this…(who
>>>>>> hasn’t?) Actually I already have several in my house in San Fran…A
>>>>>> Fantastical Anthropology of Everyday Objects! Perhaps you could donate a
>>>>>> comb, a sock, a key – write a page and a half of the history, real or
>>>>>> imagined, of that object. (We’re interested!)
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Email me at burickson@yahoo.com if you are interested in any of my
>>>>>> work, or about anything that’s on your mind.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> The other main work I want to accomplish this semester will be called
>>>>>> Odyssey in a Box. Has anyone ever heard of the work of Janet Kardof (sp?)
>>>>>> There are a few people out there today that are already doing work that
>>>>>> borders on what this is. This essentially would be like an audio tour, like
>>>>>> what you find in museums. But – this takes it a step towards theater. The
>>>>>> walking audio tour is combined with the radio play, adding an element of the
>>>>>> poetic. I’ll be developing a two-person audio tour called Odyssey in a Box.
>>>>>> I need to get grant money first…Essentially, two people will walk into a
>>>>>> hotel room in NYC, they will see a sign that says “at 10:00 am, press play
>>>>>> on this MP3 player”…a voice will say “look at your partner. We’ll call your
>>>>>> partner Pat. Look long and hard at Pat. Can you memorize Pat’s face? Because
>>>>>> you may never see him again…” and more. Then you will be led to some
>>>>>> maps…etc…directions…this is the beginning of a 6-hour experience – at
>>>>>> certain times you might see Pat again – exploring the city throughout the
>>>>>> day. Exploring distance vs. contact. I will need voice actors, and people
>>>>>> who are good at recording. Email or otherwise contact me if you are
>>>>>> interested in participating in some way.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> I want everything I do – my entire life – and yours too…to sound like
>>>>>> a movie.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Does anybody like experimental minimalized atonal sound, art, and
>>>>>> music? Is there a facility here for us to spend some time listening to
>>>>>> sounds? (Tammany!) We could listen to the sound of feet on gravel in
>>>>>> Tazmania…or Beethoven’s 9th slowed down. Listening parties.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> The reading series. I’ve been talking with Will Cordiero a lot…he
>>>>>> misses us and we miss him…so he might come back and do a reading! I’ve also
>>>>>> been talking to a lot of MFA students. Many are amazing writers.  We
>>>>>> could combine a Risley poet as an opener to an invited poet, or another kind
>>>>>> of writer. I want to bring in MFA students, professors, writers from NYC
>>>>>> (famous ones?).
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Julia: There is a massive RisPoetry group that is forming, I will put
>>>>>> you in touch with one another.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Contact me if you’d like to do some reading.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> I’m really excited to be here because I have access now to some great
>>>>>> resources in terms of sacred art. In and near Ithaca, there are at least two
>>>>>> and maybe three things I would like to tap into if I can. I’ve spoken to one
>>>>>> of these groups, but not yet the other two..There is a woman here who is a
>>>>>> Whirling Dervish, who teaches Whirling. She has been given permission by the
>>>>>> Order to teach. If people would be interested in having a Whirling workshop,
>>>>>> let me know. Whirling Dervishes are an order of Sufis, Sufism is the
>>>>>> mystical branch of Islam, there are many practices involved, the most
>>>>>> important of which is Zichar (sp?), the chanting of the nine names of G*d,
>>>>>> the Samah (sp?) is “audition” or “hearing” – all about art. Listening to
>>>>>> poetry, or music, or dance. The Whirling is dance. The aesthetic experience
>>>>>> approaches the divine. It is powerful and fascinating. I practiced this
>>>>>> myself, though I no longer do. Hopefully we could use the dance studio, and
>>>>>> hopefully make it open to non-Risleyites. Hopefully someone out there will
>>>>>> work with me on this? Please contact me or push people my way if you think
>>>>>> they’d like it.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> The Sacred Dance of Gurja. (missed name) is a spiritual teacher from
>>>>>> the first half of the twentieth century. He learned a lot of sacred dances,
>>>>>> many of them Sufi, and developed his own sacred dancing. Similar to Whirling
>>>>>> in some way, but unique. Also a kind of meditative dance. An encoding of
>>>>>> emotional and spiritual data. In Rochester (or near it) there is a group
>>>>>> that has some fantastic teachers of this kind of dance. There is a teacher
>>>>>> in Ithaca as well. I currently practice this kind of dance. I would love it
>>>>>> if one of these teachers could come and give a workshop here.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> There is a wonderful Buddhist monastery in town – Namgyal monastery (
>>>>>> http://www.namgyal.org/). The Dalai Lama comes sometimes. It is an
>>>>>> important place. There are a number of practices that involve sacred art
>>>>>> practiced by these Tibetan Buddhists, notably sand mandalas. I would love it
>>>>>> if we could get some monks to come and build a mandala here, or simply to
>>>>>> come and talk.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Who is the theater? Sarah, Ben, Lauren. I have a play! I’m not going
>>>>>> to direct it. The whole point of this play is for someone else to put it
>>>>>> on…it’s really challenging.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA Lauren: Think about putting it up for play proposal next semester.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: would require lots of rooms, logistics, creativity. Was
>>>>>> originally designed for a theater in SanFran plus a three story building and
>>>>>> a bus. But it could happen here! Why not! Life is beautiful. I’m very open
>>>>>> to things being reworked, as a writer. Might just hand you a script and walk
>>>>>> away…
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> TL;DR email Abe at burickson@yahoo.com if you are interested in any
>>>>>> of the projects mentioned above.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> ANNOUNCEMENTS.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Kommittee elections are coming up woo! Referendum is happening Weds
>>>>>> Thurs Friday. Tonight is the last night to say you want to run for a
>>>>>> position. There will be 8 members at large, ministr of letters (woo) and the
>>>>>> propagandist.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Members at Large Nominees:
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 1. Benji Lehman
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 2. Kim Adams
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 3. Clover Bobker
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 4. Adam Romero
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 5. Spencer Whale (? that can't be right...OR IS IT)
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 6. Danny Bernstein
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 7. Miles Ludek
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 8.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 9.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 10. {Whoops. Would one of you lovely Monster ladies kindly forward the
>>>>>> missing bits of this list to everyone?}
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 11.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 12.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 13.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 14.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 15. Sarah Longchamp
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Minister of Letters nominees:
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 1. Roskolnikov
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 2. Miles Ludek and Kerry Pinnisi (two headed monster)
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Propagandist:
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 1. Dinophone
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 2. Nolan Poulin and Clover Bobker (two headed monster)
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA Lauren: there are extra-curKommitteeular responsibilities as
>>>>>> Propagandist, so I think it is beneficial to have two people.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Keep your eyes out for the table outside of dining, Weds Thurs Friday
>>>>>> this week.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Note: you can run for more than one position, but you cannot accept
>>>>>> more than one.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Next Kommittee we will be reading the winners of the election. Your
>>>>>> positions will be effective immediately after that announcement. El
>>>>>> Presidente for Life nominations will be accepted at that point as well.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Please send blurbs about who you are and why you want to run to the
>>>>>> listserve if you are running, especially if it is for a contested position.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> *I, KERRY, WANT TO RUN AS HALF OF THE MINISTER OF LETTERS BECAUSE I
>>>>>> THINK IT IS FUN TO DO. PLEASE SEE ABOVE AND BELOW FOR AN EXAMPLE OF MY
>>>>>> WORK.*
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Julia: let’s email all those blurbs to Nolan, the Propagandist, at
>>>>>> NIP4, so he can condense and properly publish them by midnight on Monday
>>>>>> (THAT’S TOMORROW! When Monday turns into Tuesday, that is.)
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> The RisArchivist is a position that is by appointment, not by
>>>>>> election. We really need someone who knows where things are! Jeff was the
>>>>>> last archivist (even though we never actually appointed him), but he
>>>>>> graduated.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Jeff: The role of the archivist is actually rather ambiguous.  We
>>>>>> will be pursuing getting the archives into the RisLibrary. They are
>>>>>> responsible for managing and organizing the Archives – a room in the
>>>>>> Mezzanine (above dining) where documents from the last 40 years or so of
>>>>>> Risley history are stored. See Charter for official definition (
>>>>>> http://risley.org/pages/kommittee/archives/Charter041810.pdf). You
>>>>>> must have a recommendation from Jeff (JTD34), talk to him. This could be
>>>>>> potentially a two- or three-headed monster, lots of work involved.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Camilla: Hi! I’m an RA from McLLU (the Multicultural Living and
>>>>>> Learning Unit, another program house on campus). We want to get involved
>>>>>> with Risley and do programs together. We want to do a bus trip to NYC to see
>>>>>> the Broadway show Fela. Critically acclaimed. Want to see a matinee Nov. 13.
>>>>>> This would involve Ujamaa as well as Risley and McLLU. We want to make this
>>>>>> as affordable as possible. We also want to give you some time to enjoy the
>>>>>> city after the show. Currently we’re looking at $20-$30 for the trip and
>>>>>> ticket (which is mad cheap, get up on this)! Look for further info on the
>>>>>> listserve. Email me at KAA55 with questions, comments or interest.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RHD Lauren: If you want to be McLLU’s connection point for this
>>>>>> project, please contact me or Camilla.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: We are seeking a Risley Webmaster to put new, fresh, cool content
>>>>>> on the Risley webpage! Email me at BMW39 if you are interested.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: I keep mentioning grants..they’re also for students, student
>>>>>> organizations, projects, etc. The deadline is soon, and there’s a lot you
>>>>>> have to do – come talk to me right away if you want info about how to get
>>>>>> money to do what you want to do!
>>>>>>
>>>>>>  OTHER BUSINESS.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Approval of last week’s minutes.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Acclaimed. Yay thanks.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Masquerave: Whitney is our program coordinator, Nate is our
>>>>>> coordinating RA, but we need also a finalized subcommittee and a theme BY
>>>>>> THE END OF THIS WEEK. There will be an email going out by the end of
>>>>>> tomorrow looking for people to coordinate the three front rooms and Tammany.
>>>>>> Think about if you want to design a themed room.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA Lauren: anyone who is currently a junior or younger, please
>>>>>> consider working with Whitney, so there will be someone next year who knows
>>>>>> how to do it…
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> ALLOCATIONS:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Molly: $90 for 200 ft of jewelry wire for jewelry shop. Want extra so
>>>>>> people can mess around and get really creative!
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RHD Lauren: Kommittee should have snacks! $30 for snacks next week.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Audrey: That’s a lot of money…
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Chorus: It will go back into the budget if she goes under.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Audrey: What kind of snacks were you going to bring?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RHD Lauren: Was looking for suggestions. This allocation could also
>>>>>> last a few Kommittees.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA Lauren calls to question.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Calling to question LOUDLY ACCLAIMED.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Hand vote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 26 in favor, 2 nay, 1 Abstain.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Acclaimed. LINING YOUR OWN POCKETS EH KOMMITTEE?
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Miles: We want to make a book scanner! Mostly we need digital cameras
>>>>>> and some hardware to hold a book. This can also be used as a single page
>>>>>> scanner. We would like $300.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Brandon: Is there an intellectual property concern if we are Risley
>>>>>> funding scanning copies of books?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: We’re scanning artwork! Also, just possessing a scanner is not
>>>>>> illegal. Also, we mostly want to scan Archives.
>>>>>> Jeff: Is this going to automatically turn the pages for you?
>>>>>> Ben: Sorry, no robot to do your bidding, lazypants.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Nate: You mentioned camera/cameras…what kind?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: Two cameras, Powershot AE480, $75 each, 10 megapixels each.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Clover: Motion to call to question.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Nate: This is going to be a long Kommittee, but we could use
>>>>>> discussion on this important issue. FAMOUS LAST WORDS.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RHD Lauren: Let’s give Abe a chance to speak too, as he is a writer.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Motion to call to question denied. The Nays were loud enough, sorry
>>>>>> Charter.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: About copyright. Since this is a university, an educational
>>>>>> institution, for our use here we can scan and copy any book we want and it
>>>>>> will fall under the FAIR USE CLAUSE (I fought the law and the…law won!) As
>>>>>> long as we’re using it for educational purposes.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Adam: Would it be cheaper and easier to buy a scanner?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: A flatbed scanner wouldn’t do it for us, and an actual scanner is
>>>>>> way too expensive.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: The budget currently has $2405.06 unallocated.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Molly: Are there any cameras that Risley already owns that we could
>>>>>> use?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: It’s better to have matched pairs.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Audrey: Why do we need two?
>>>>>> Ben: It’s angled in such a way to do two pages at once.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Nate: Two cheap cameras ($90)…we could lend them to people in the
>>>>>> building. Dual use allocation. Can we call to question?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sally: comment on calling to question: Where’s the other $150 going?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: Cables, SD card, two by fours, washers, nuts, MDF, clamp lamps,
>>>>>> lighting, acrylic. We’ve consulted with the woodshop re: building the frame
>>>>>> and we decided it was best to have our own $ for it.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Motion called to question.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Motion passes. Book scanner exists! (as a twinkle in Miles's and Ben's
>>>>>> eye..)
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Brendan, CLR, poetry group: Colin’s poetry group is great! 5:00-6:00
>>>>>> Saturdays, CLR
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Julia: Then we go to dinner afterwards!
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Bennett: Following up on things we allocated for last year, that we
>>>>>> voted in favor of, but didn’t follow through on – still want to get…
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> $300 for a dance studio mat. We currently have one but the existing
>>>>>> mat is too small. Also Kerry is allergic to it.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Gabriel: This money has not been subtracted from the budget even
>>>>>> though we already allocated it?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: It is not in any way reflected in our budget.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RHD Lauren: This was allocated in 2009-2010 budget. This money did
>>>>>> roll back in. This is basically a new allocation.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Alan: Is it necessary to cover the entire floor with a single mat?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: not the entire floor, but we have only one mat…if you wanted to
>>>>>> do e.g. throws, then you can really only have 1 practicing pair. This is
>>>>>> insufficient.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Tom, $100, rags for the print shop.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Nolan: Are there specific rags or can we just find some old shirts?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: He is going to buy them locally in bulk, they will last forever.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Jim: Are we still talking about this? Oh, I was recently in the print
>>>>>> shop, and they really do use A LOT of rags, like really, and you need a
>>>>>> special kind not to hurt your press or the print.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarah: Were these rags part of last week’s print shop allocation?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: No.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> $30 for Bananagrams. Everyone loves this game, we wanted two sets.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Adam: What is Banagrams?
>>>>>> Ben: A fun scrabble-like game that comes in a banana!
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Monster calls to question due to distress.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: Applying to Cornell Council to the Arts. The production cost for
>>>>>> Odyssey Works NYC production in April is $4,736. I would like $3,000 from
>>>>>> Cornell grant, and I’m going to try to raise about $1,100 from donors. I’m
>>>>>> going to ask for $600 from Risley Kommittee.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Bennett: So you said this is happening in April. So this is a lot of
>>>>>> money now. We haven’t gotten money from Rocky Horror yet. Can this wait?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: No, because the application to CCA is due on the 20th of this
>>>>>> month. I don’t NEED the money now, but I need to know that I CAN have it.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Jeff: 1. How much is the other allocation? I’m worried about running
>>>>>> low on $$...on the other hand, I know they (grant givers) like to see that
>>>>>> people have bought into this.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: we’re currently at $1675.06.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Jeff: So that’s 2/3 of our budget. ($600 plus forthcoming $400
>>>>>> allocation from Abe).
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Julia: Have we allocated for MRave and Rocky yet?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA Lauren: Yes, but we have not yet allocated for cultural dinners or
>>>>>> RisThanksgiving.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Jeff: Is that $500 that will be left going to last us? Are there other
>>>>>> planned allocations?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA Lauren: Yes, me. I’ll be asking for $168 dollars.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Benji: Given that Abe said he doesn’t actually need to USE the money
>>>>>> before April, i.e. after Rocky and MRave, I feel as though this isn’t as
>>>>>> risky as it seems and it is furthering our RisMission. I support this.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: Yes, most of the money for this will need to be used after
>>>>>> January.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Nolan: Will we be able to nominally be in the red (i.e. spend the
>>>>>> money we allocate for Abe here, before we get our MRave money)?
>>>>>> Ben: BTW we’ve never spent more than $200 on a non-traditional
>>>>>> program.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Audrey: The most our budget ever was was $6,000…this is a lot of
>>>>>> money.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarah L.: Even though I can see how it would be technically possible
>>>>>> to use the money that’s been allocated, unless we have the ability to back
>>>>>> out of that allocation, that is a really good way to run ourselves into
>>>>>> debt. This is how Wall Street crashed and burned.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA Lauren: Have you asked for money from TSub? They have a separate
>>>>>> budget. Also MRave, even though it earned $600, spent $800, was a net $200
>>>>>> loss.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Gabriel: Is there something in Charter that would allow us to “make a
>>>>>> pledge”?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: No.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Gabriel: Also, these grant people want to see that we’re putting in
>>>>>> money…Risley’s kind of in a similar position, worrying about whether the
>>>>>> grant will come through.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: Every grant wants to know you’ve gotten a grant from somewhere
>>>>>> else…
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Courtney: Would it make sense to allocate a portion of what you’re
>>>>>> asking for, so you can say you’re being supported and we’ll give you the
>>>>>> other half later if we can?
>>>>>> Abe: It’s possible.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Nolan: The $6000 we had last year was due in large part to the
>>>>>> proceeds from Dr. Horrible’s Sing Along Blog.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Benji: Actually no. That went into TSub’s budget.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Nolan: Also we were told that we were going to lose our money if we
>>>>>> didn’t spent it – hence came the foam swords.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Jeff: We have $45/student x 600 members (I think)
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: Last semester we started with $11,000, we cut off $2,500 to feed
>>>>>> the AIRs. The Spring is very different from the fall because there are no
>>>>>> more big expensive programs.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Jeff: Can we even allocate money to spend next semester?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: Not sure.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarah: When are these grants due? Could this wait until after TSub
>>>>>> meets next week?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: Grants are due next Monday. So no.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: How much is in TSub’s budget?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Benji: About $2000.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarah: We have upcoming in-house products, and we also don’t know how
>>>>>> much we’re going to spend on rewiring (a huge project).
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Kerry: This could quell spontaneous programming.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA Lauren/RHD Lauren Dual-Brained Entity: Can we just bend the rules
>>>>>> and pretend we’re allocating out of next semester’s budget?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> New motion: $600 from next semester’s budget.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Audrey: I want to point out that he hasn’t quite finished describing
>>>>>> what the motion is for.
>>>>>> Abe: I’ve only spoken about the first motion, which is this $600 for
>>>>>> the 24 hour piece (with Odyssey Works - the show for the audience of one)
>>>>>> that will happen in NYC (and Ithaca). The funding is for transportation and
>>>>>> bringing artists (including maybe you) in to work with us. Rental space,
>>>>>> materials, costuming, food. Funds also for documentation, DVDs etc. The full
>>>>>> budget (the whole grant) includes money for me to give a presentation on the
>>>>>> work we did.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: What else could we be doing with this money? Lots of things we
>>>>>> could get for the building that would last for a long time that we would not
>>>>>> be able to do, spontaneous programming, etc.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: This performance will only happen once in the universe, and this
>>>>>> is the only chance that I’ll have to do this in NYC, and probably the only
>>>>>> chance you’ll have to do this.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarah L.: I would say that again, I’m not really comfortable with
>>>>>> promising money for next semester unless we’re either 100% sure we’re going
>>>>>> to have the money, or we have some sort of exit clause on it.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Molly: The point of doing it next semester is that we’ll start with a
>>>>>> fresh budget then.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Jeff: I am really nervous about allocating money for next semester.
>>>>>> Seems like it’s setting a dangerous precedent, which I know we don’t have
>>>>>> now – and it’s definitely bending the rules. I would rather spend money now.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA Lauren: We won’t actually be spending this money now anyway.
>>>>>> Additionally, it might be beneficial to table this motion.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: That means it would be discussed next week…that will be difficult
>>>>>> because the deadline is the next day.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA Lauren: OK, no tabling.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Adam: If we allocated this money now, and then didn’t spend it for a
>>>>>> long time, would our budget be operating as if it had $600 or $1600?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Brendan: Things of this sort are sort of why Risley exists, no? To
>>>>>> foster this sort of art? (Hear Hear)
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Kaiya: Motion to call to question.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Jeff: What is the actual motion right now?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Molly: $600 out of next semester’s budget.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 11 yes,  8 opposed, 10 abstain.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> We need to vote to divide the house. If the motion to divide the house
>>>>>> does not pass by a simple majority, the motion fails.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 20 in favor to divide the house, 4 opposed, 2 abstain.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> The house is divided. [Abe leaves the room]
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 13 in favor, 16 against. Motion fails.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Adam: Now he can revise it to ask for a different amount of money.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: I revise my motion to $300 for this semester.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Jeff: I’m glad it’s coming out of this semester. This could affect
>>>>>> voting.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Spencer: Risley involvement with this project seems scant. It might be
>>>>>> hard for students to be available at all because it’s happening over Spring
>>>>>> Break, and there’s no audience.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: The piece will involve a large number of artists, and there will
>>>>>> be a transportation system to get to NYC, and a portion will happen in
>>>>>> Ithaca, quite possibly in Ithaca. My intention is to get as many artists
>>>>>> involved as possible (Kerry: the audience is the artist, in some sense,
>>>>>> perhaps?) There might also be something happening in the theater.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Jeff: Any AIR that wants to support the arts and RisCommunity deserves
>>>>>> our support. (HEAR HEAR!)
>>>>>> Ben: Motion to call to question.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 28 in favor, 2 opposed
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Motion is called to question. $300 this semester.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 26 in favor, 2 opposed, 3 abstain.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> $300 passes. Clap clap clap.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> EVERYONE GETS A RISPURITY POINT FOR ATTENDING A 2 HOUR KOMMITTEE!! RHD
>>>>>> Lauren’s first one!
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Gabriel: If TSub allocates lots for him, can we get money back?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sally: Money not spent goes back to the budget.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: I promise never to do this to you all again. No more purity
>>>>>> points on my account.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> (General Laughter).
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: The budget for this second piece, which is the “audio tour” (see
>>>>>> above), called Odyssey in a Box. Want to create 5 different tours on one day
>>>>>> in the city, leaving at staggered times. I want an allocation from this
>>>>>> semester, to be spent this semester. This involves recording and playback
>>>>>> elements. Want to have voice actors, people who work with sound – want to do
>>>>>> it in the recording studio. Then there is the actual object – a box. A
>>>>>> beautiful box that gives an air of mystery, Alice in Wonderlandesque. This
>>>>>> allocation would primarily be for the creation of these boxes. The full
>>>>>> budget is about $1500. The request is $400. About a quarter of the piece
>>>>>> will involve Risley folk. The items in the box will be an MP3 player, toy
>>>>>> binoculars, 1 day metro card, tote bag, some other various objects.
>>>>>> $111.25/box (about). 10 boxes = 5 tours. There’s also a rental of a hotel
>>>>>> room, and trips to New York (hopefully including Risleyites to take the
>>>>>> tour).
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Adam: Risleyites would be doing the voice recording, making the boxes
>>>>>> themselves, who actually takes the tours?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: They’re open to the public. Risleyites could go. Obviously there
>>>>>> is a limited number that can go each day.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Adam: Is there any way that we could make this a “rental experience”
>>>>>> and make some money back off of this? Advertise it as a couple's experience?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: I don’t want to allocate based on profits I don’t yet know about.
>>>>>> But – the rental of the room – the boxes could be at the Cornell Club, and
>>>>>> patrons there could rent the boxes/experience for $50/day, a portion of
>>>>>> which could very reasonably come back to Risley.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Bennett: This is an awesome project idea, I love that Risleyites will
>>>>>> be involved, but what I see us getting from the money is $400 for making
>>>>>> sure the project happens and so we can be involved. That feels expensive for
>>>>>> our buck.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Audrey: Is there any way that you could move the project an audio tour
>>>>>> of Ithaca?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Gabriel: We are technically a city.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: I’ve already begun work on this, so no. I could add students
>>>>>> (Risleyites) working on an audio tour of Risley, though. If we did this as a
>>>>>> downloadable MP3 it would cost nothing. Wanted to see how many people were
>>>>>> getting involved in the first proposed piece, then allocate for that next
>>>>>> semester.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Gabriel: I agree with Audrey. Risley is supposed to be supporting the
>>>>>> arts, but doing these off-location projects adds so much expense. I also
>>>>>> think we have or can make some of the things you want on your list. Doing
>>>>>> things that way, rather than just spending money, has our own residents
>>>>>> crafting, which is part of the goal we support. How much of that have you
>>>>>> thought about? I don’t think we have time to talk about that tonight. Also:
>>>>>> there are 10 people that can do this per day, right? The overhead for that
>>>>>> “audience” is a large ratio.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: It can go on for years – hundreds and hundreds of people can take
>>>>>> the tour.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Gabriel: There should also be a discussion about where these are kept,
>>>>>> and who owns them, and who gets the “renting” profits? I’d like to think
>>>>>> Risley would own them.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Molly: Can we move the discussion away from “can you rewrite your
>>>>>> grant”? They’re all great ideas but that’s not a reasonable request.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sally: Motion to call to question.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 22 in favor, 5 against, 5 abstain.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Motion is called to question.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Voting on $400 for Odyssey in a Box.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 12 in favor, 7 against, 10 abstain.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Motion to divide the house.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 27 in favor, 1 against, 1 abstain.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> THIS IS WHY WE NEED SNACKS.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> The house is divided. Voting on $400 for Abe.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 19 in favor, 11 against, 1 (RA exercising the Switzerland clause)
>>>>>> abstention.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Motion fails.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: If I lowered it to $300 would that change anyone’s mind?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Abe: Motion to vote on $300.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 20 in favor, 9 against, 2 abstain.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Motion passes. CLAPCLAPCLAP.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> RA Lauren: $300 for Risley Thanksgiving. This is something we usually
>>>>>> do. This is a program held on Thanksgiving Day. Students cook and eat
>>>>>> together. For everyone in the Risley community who stays for Thanksgiving.
>>>>>> You can bring a guest if you pay in advance (LLC People, Isaac’s Dad, etc.).
>>>>>> We usually feed 40+ people.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Acclaimed.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben: Sundays 3-4 Dance Studio for Kali (martial arts)
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Acclaimedreallyfast
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> OTHER OTHER BUSINESS.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> None.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> THEME FOR NEXT KOMMITTEE. Raise your hand if you need a snack
>>>>>> Kommittee.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> SECRET AGENDA. It’s not so much a purity point as it is a couple’s
>>>>>> experience.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> (Well played, Kate.)(I think it was Kate.)
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>
>>>
>>
>
>
> --
> Carolina Osorio Gil
> Knowledge Coordinator
> ICM
> www.icm.cc
> t: 607 288 4001
> f: 607 288 4004
>
part}
part{ ID: 3, Content-type: text/html
Non-text part: text/html
part}
part}
body}
message}
